Name:Jaidyn Thomas

Team:Green 25

Region:Europe

Topic:Injured boys because of stage knife

Article:http://www.cbsnews.com/news/new-zealand-high-school-musical-sweeney-todd-throat-slitting-boys-injured/

Date:April 7, 2016

Source:CBS News

In Wellington, New Zealand, a high school musical got too real when a prop knife slit the throats of two teenage boys, which sent them to the local hospital. The student were performing the musical Sweeney Todd, which is the tale of a barber who slits the throats of his customers and turns them into meat pies. The head of Saint Kentigern College, Steve Cole told the radio station that the razor was real but it had been bound with duct tape. But, he didnt know what happened during the second act. He also said that it had been through many safety checks and everything. They ended up canceling the Thursday show but they hope to do the Friday show with no problems 

 I believe that the first year class should learn about this because we need to learn how to stage out death. This is sorta related to MacBeth because there are many deaths in the shakespearean play. I personally believe that the knife that was used in the play should have been fake instead of real, because this whole event would have never existed if the school would have just made a fake knife instead of using a real one. 





































Name:Jaidyn Thomas

Team:Green 25

Region:Latin American 

Topic: Donald Trump Would cut off cash to Mexico to pay for border wall

Article:http://www.bbc.com/news/election-us-2016-35971035

Date:April 5, 2016

Source:BBC News

This article is about how Donald Trump would like to cut of all financial support to Mexico, which would lead the country into an uncontrollable downfall in the economy. Trump also wants to deport the 11 million immigrants back to where they came from. He believes that all rapist, drug addicts, and criminals come from across the border. The law Trump wishes to change, as outlined in his memo, is part of the US Patriot Act - he would stop anyone living illegally in the US from sending money overseas.If Donald Trump isn't the 2016 Republican presidential nominee, Wisconsin could be where it all started to go awry.The wall plan has been widely condemned by, among others, Pope Francis. Mr Trump has also pledged to deport all 11 million undocumented migrants."This is another example of something that's not thought through and put forward for political consumption," said by President Barack Obama.  

I think that everyone should read this article because everyone should learn about what is going on in society and what is going on politically in america. I dont know how this would connect to shakespeare because i dont have very much knowledge about shakespeare. I personally believe that Donald Trump should not be president because he makes very dumb decisions and he is just not the right candidate for president. My mother hates him so much that she said if he was to win president then my family will be moving to Canada.





























Name:Jaidyn Thomas

Team:Green 25

Region:North America 

Topic: After Brussels attacks, how safe are U.S. airports

Article:http://www.cbsnews.com/news/after-brussels-attacks-how-safe-are-us-airports-tsa/

Date:April 8, 2016

Source:BBC News

Since last month's terrorist bombings at the Brussels airport, Washington has added security to airports during the summer traveling season. The attack occurred in a public area before the security.Passengers are likely to see more police in public areas, increased random checks of vehicles and people with larger bags, and additional bomb-sniffing dogs. Passengers are likely to see more police in public areas, increased random checks of vehicles and people with larger bags, and additional bomb-sniffing dogs. While airline passengers are vetted the moment they purchase a ticket, it's unclear if the Brussels bombers ever planned to go past security.But all the added security is one factor contributing to long lines at some major U.S. airports.Next week, roughly 300 airports submit detailed vulnerability reports to the TSA. The agency plans to create a list of best practices and require them across all the airports.

I dont know how this would relate to Shakespeare because i dont have much knowledge about him and his plays. I believe that students should read this article because they need to learn that these kind of things do happen in America also. I personally believe that they are doing the right thing which is adding more security to airports in Washington. They also need to add more security to airports all throughout America.