Ex-NYC Cop Convicted in Fatal Shooting of NY Man in '14

A retired New York City police officer has been convicted of fatally shooting a 26-year-old New York man during a fight following a road rage incident. The Press & Sun-Bulletin reports a Chenango County Court judge on Wednesday found 57-year-old John Guzy guilty of second-degree murder in the slaying of Derek Prindle in October 2014. Guzy had waived his right to a jury trial. Authorities say Guzy was drunk when he tailgated the vehicle Prindle was driving with his 60 year old father as a passenger. The two drivers pulled into the parking lot at a gym in Bainbridge and began fighting. Guzy, who was a county corrections officer at the time, pulled out a handgun and shot Prindle and his father. The younger man died at the scene. His father survived.

This affects the family of the man who died and the ex cop's family who are both scarred.

Police: Homeless teenager arrested in killing of Texas dance student

A 17-year-old homeless boy has been arrested in connection with the killing of a first-year dance student at the University of Texas at Austin, whose body was found on campus earlier this week, police said on Friday.

The death of Haruka Weiser, 18, of Oregon, who was also studying theater, marked the first on-campus killing at the university since 1966 and sent shockwaves through the school and the surrounding community.

This affects the school that will need a investigation, the students friends and family.

Veterans' charities reportedly receive fraction of money raised by Trump event

More than two months after Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump said to have raised $6 million for veterans' charities at a fundraiser held on the night of the Iowa caucuses, most of the organizations aimed to receive the money have gotten less than half of that amount. The Wall Street Journal, citing a survey of the 22 groups listed by Donald's campaign as prospective recipients for the money, reported that 19 organizations got a total of $2.4 million from Trump's foundation. Of the three other charities, one declined to disclose how much it had received, another said it needed to submit more paperwork before getting any money, and the third didn't respond to questions by the Journal. Fox Business Network first reported in late February that only a fraction of the pledged donations had made their way to the veterans groups. At the time, FBN reported, several groups said they had not received any money. And seven of the 22 told Fox Business Network they had received a total of $650,000. Other groups did not respond to inquiries at the time. Trump held the Jan. 29 benefit in lieu of attending a GOP debate hosted by Fox News. The real estate mogul had declined to appear at the debate, claiming that he had not been treated fairly by the network.

This affects the presidential race because more people will vote for donald trump due to donating