News Article #1

Name: Jenny HolcombGroup: 37

Region: North AmericaTopic: Plane Crash 

Title: Three Killed in Alaska Plane Crash, Survivor FoundDate: 4-10-16

Source: NBC NewsHyperlink: http://goo.gl/bHd9mC 



Last Saturday, Alaska state troopers found and identified three men who died in a small plane crash on the side of a very steep mountain. Two investigators as well as large amounts of troopers and medical care arrived at the scene, hours later discovering the still alive Morgan Enright who had lived through the crash and stayed in freezing temperatures for rescue. Her medical status hasnt been released but she is still alive. 

I think this event was very tragic, no one would expect a story like this to take place in the US. This crash definitely affected 500 people in some way, all four victims had families and friends, and everyone that had to attend to the scene shared part of the trauma. This could fit into Shakespeare with a story of survival. Macbeth, or any other on edge play, has the intensity we could use to incorporate this story. 



News Article #2

Name: Jenny HolcombGroup: 37

Region: North AmericaTopic: Contaminated Water

Title: Water with unsafe lead amounts found in hundreds of schoolsDate: 4-9-16

Source: Fox NewsHyperlink: http://goo.gl/62VWlJ 

278 schools and daycares were found to have violated federal lead laws in their water systems. Flint, Michigan has has a contaminated water crisis for months now, and its beginning to spread to other parts of the nation. No state is immune to the problem, but over half of the cases found were discovered around the East Coast. This is dangerous to all of the children and many parents have taken it upon themselves to send their children to school with bottled water so they dont risk getting sick.

Although this event has been happening over time, this article was written within days and was about the recent testing. It affects well over a thousand people, and puts many small kids at risk. Flint, Michigan has yellow water coming out of their taps and only a small fragment of the US is aware of it, which I think is crazy. I also think that this needs to become known nation-wide, so everyone can start helping instead of just the people affected worrying. 



News Article #3

Name: Jenny HolcombGroup: 37

Region: North AmericaTopic: Wildfire

Title: Wildfire growth slows in northwest Oklahoma as wind faltersDate: 4-8-16

Source: Fox News Hyperlink: http://goo.gl/wcFKjZ 

A wildfire has burned down around 90 square miles in Northern Oklahoma, finally starting to ease down. This fire has caused many people to evacuate from their homes and has damaged a lot of ground, state workers from all around and coming to Oklahoma to help repair the damage from this fire. On Thursday, the winds started to die down, making the fire rage less, but still has lasted five days. 

This event has affected hundreds, maybe thousands of people. Wildfires are very difficult to prevent and even more difficult to put out. Its sad that so much damage was caused, and six other states are getting involved to help. Thankfully, as far as they know no one has been killed but many properties have been damaged. This could fit into the more intense Shakespeare plays as well, it could have the plot line of someone in a tough situation that is losing their home and has nowhere to go.