http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/12/world/asia/china-underground-water-pollution.html?login=email

Europe

April 11, 2016

Rural Water, Not City Smog, May Be Chinas Pollution Nightmare



Chinas pollution problem



China thought City Smog was what they had to worry about, but that is not what they are saying anymore, More than 80 percent of Chinas water that is derived from underground wells is unfit for drinking, because it has been polluted by farming and agriculture, This means frightful things for the chinese government, because China is currently one of the if not the most popular country in the world. While trying to solve their smog problem, new research has shown that is not the only problem, after they collected data from thousands of underground wells, revealing the biggest problem yet. Some factories have their waste pouring straight into streams that lead to Chinas many water sources.



Personally, I think Chinas new found water crisis is a very tremendous issue and needs to be resolved as fast as humanly possible, China has the largest population of any country in the world, and to have dirty water is terrible. I hope they can resolve this issue before it becomes an insurmountable task. I think I can relate this event to Shakespeare because as shown in Romeo and Juliet all the chaos was created by people, just like this water issue has been, but in the end they all were able to solve their issues, which i hope is the case for China.







http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/17/magazine/the-looming-threat-of-avian-flu.html

April 13, 2016

USA

The looming threat of Avian Flu





Brad Moline Owns a farm in Iowa, they breed thousands of turkeys every year, and one night they went to bed and during that night Avian Influenza arrived and in the morning had already killed 100s and many more were gasping for breath. Thousands of birds died in days, and this disease is transferable to humans, and is growing in strength, The family was required to kill all their birds to be safe that they would not transfer the disease to some other animal, or worse our species. If we do not want the same result with our species, we need to learn this virus, and learn to combat it. To keep us from having a compost pile of dead bodies and bones, Just like the Moline family did.

Personally, I think this is a very important issue that we need to be very concerned out, if this virus goes stronger and can kill on that mass of a scale within hours and days. We could possibly have another bubonic plague on our hands, maybe that was a little exaggerated but it will chances are still leave people dead, and millions sick.

I dont think i know enough shakespeare at this time to assess this article.









Mathis Elliott

Green 13

Panama papers, a history of tax evasion since ancient rome.

April 13, 2016

http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/07/world/americas/panama-papers-leak-casts-light-on-a-law-firm-founded-on-secrecy.html 

Panama papers



The Panama papers are not legitimate papers, they are approximately 11.2 million files leaked that pulled back the curtain on the secret financial dealings of the most affluent and puissant. Now that we are cognizant of what they have been doing, these papers uncovered how many of these people might be unconscionable as well. Uncovering that many puissant leaders have a connection and have been channeling legal tender through Panama. Vladimir putin has channeled an amount of $2 billion as it says on the leaked documents. Many people ratiocinate what they have done is felonious, but their earnestly no proof showing they have done anything felonious. The mossack fonseca law firm also vocalizes they do not participate in illegal acts. To sum it up it's a way for the affluent to smuggle funds into their bank accounts without heavy taxing. 



        People give the impression that they are immensely livid about what was veritably going on with people moving money through Panama to avoid taxes. In my viewpoint, yes it is kind annoying and scumbag-ish. Nothing these immensely brilliant people did to pass money through Panama for little to no taxing is veritably felonious, so frankly, I could care less.



I don't think I know enough shakspeare to use it at this point.