India Temple Fire: 105 killed in fireworks disaster

http://www.cnn.com/2016/04/10/asia/india-temple-fire/index.html







It was Sunday, April 10 when tragedy struck. A rouge fireworks display combusted during a festival at the Puttingal  temple, killing hundreds of people and injuring many people.  The fire also destroyed several buildings and nearby houses in Kollam, the  Kerala province. What started as a celebration ended in  worldwide shock, confusion, and pain at the loss of countless innocent lives. Further investigation leads to the conclusion that the entire tragedy was entirely preventable, as the fireworks were not even supposed to be allowed during the festival. 

I agree with the statement that this event could have been avoided, and I am extremely saddened that just because one person did not follow the rules, thousands of people's lives have been irrevocably changed. 

At this time, I am unable to find a way to tie this event into our Shakespeare remix, as we have not began to learn about his plays yet. 







Kasich: I wouldnt sign North Carolina bathroom law

http://www.cnn.com/2016/04/10/politics/john-kasich-religious-liberty-laws/index.html





Kasich reflects on the controversial bills that have recently been signed into laws in North Carolina. These laws criminalizes transgender individuals who seek to use the public bathrooms that correspond best with their gender identity, as well as preventing cities from passing anti-discrimination laws to protect the queer and transgender community. Kasich believes that although citizens religious rights are important, the government should take a deep breath, respect one another.(and) get over it. He believes that there was no need for such a dramatic  group of laws to be created, and that people should just try and work disagreements out amongst themselves without creating a mountain out of a molehill. It is important for the reader to recognize that the laws created in North Carolina affect them no matter where they reside in America. The battle for equal rights in one state affects everyone elses view, whether or not they happen to live in that state. 

My opinion on these laws created in North Carolina is that they are a disgusting violation of our human rights. They are targeting a vulnerable, innocent group of people in the name of religion and should be vetoed immediately. 

At this time, I am unable to find a way to tie this event into our Shakespeare remix, as we have not began to learn about his plays yet. 







Divorced Catholics cheer Pope Francis views on modern family

http://www.cnn.com/2016/04/08/europe/divorced-catholics-pope-reaction/index.html



Pope Francis speaks out in defense of divorced Catholics being welcomed back into the Catholic Church.  This is important to the hundreds of followers of the Catholic Church, as well as any other Christians struggling with balancing their faith and their divorce. Pope Francis publicly urges the Catholic Church to consider opening its arms to the numerous irregular situation followers, and says that It can no longer simply be said that all those living in an irregular situation are living in a state of mortal sin.

I believe that Pope Francis open mindedness will help lead the way to accepting and rejoicing the many different family types  modern Christians have today. 

At this time, I am unable to find a way to tie this event into our Shakespeare remix, as we have not began to learn about his plays yet.