Osamah Taher

Group #32 

Latin America

Will Rio be ready for the Olympics?

April 8, 2016

http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-36000332





The next olympics are going to be held in Rio Brazil. It isn't only the stadium they're worried about, there are many issues going on in the country right now. They don't even know if the president will still be in office by the time of the olympics. There is a lot of violence in brazil right now so that's going to be a problem if millions of people are coming for the olympics. Another problem is the zika virus, the country is trying to kill off the mosquitoes because they are causing this disease. All these problems must be taken care of in order to successfully host the olympics.



I think that this is a big problem because it endangers all the tourists coming for the olympics. The mosquitoes are a problem because they can give the tourists diseases and when they go back to their home country then the diseases can spread. All the violence is dangerous and if it's growing than it puts all the tourists and olympians in danger. Shakespeare plays are usually pretty violent and i would incorporate how they would have to overcome the disease and stop it after a lot of people die.



Panama Papers: Argentine President Macri to go before judge

April 8, 2016

http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-35991155



The president of Argentina is in a pickle right now because the people are mad at him because they think that he's hiding money from doing bad things in a company that he owns in the bahamas. He is trying to prove he is doing nothing wrong and he is going in and out of court. He is trying very hard to prove that he has done nothing wrong.



I think that all the pickles that the president is in wouldn't have been there if he was more open about about his company in the bahamas. The best thing he could do for himself right now is to post all the info about his company and give detailed explanations about everything. But that's only if he actually has nothing to hide. This could be like shakespeare because the president would be a king or something and he would be hiding something and when he gets exposed he has to fix everything.



















Missing in Chile

April 10, 2016

http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-35980852



Boris Weisfeiler, who was 43 when he set off on his mountain hiking trip that he never came back from. His bag was found in 1985. They just said that he drowned in a river but never found his body. In 2000 some US documents stated that he was taken by a chilean army patrol group and taken to an agricultural commune. A witness said that he was interrogated at a torture center before being shot in his neck. The eight men that took him are free and his sister was mad. She says she won't let this go.



I think that this is definitely very sad. The man was just hiking and climbing and then apparently some dudes came, took him, interrogated him, and then shot him. His sister was trying to figure out what happened to him and they made up that he drowned with no evidence. They didn't put enough effort into figuring out what happened to him. Letting those eight guys who took him free wasn't right. This can relate to shakespeare like someone looking for their long lost relative or sibling or someone and that's their life mission and it turns out they're dead.