Regional News Story #1

Name: Hayden Sawyer

Team: Yellow 17

Region:Asia 

Topic:Cartoon characters are teaching children.



Article: Six year old girl in Japan falls to her death from 43rd floor of skyscraper after watching cartoon characters who could fly

 Date: 4/12/16

Source: DailyMail



A 6 year old girl falls off the 43rd floor of a building in japan. She jumped after watching cartoon characters fly. This tells people that cartoons actually influence kids. We have to be careful of what goes into the cartoons because of this. 



I believe that we need to be careful about what we put in the cartoons kids watch. The girl jumped because she thought she could fly after watching characters fly in the cartoon. If she thinks she can fly then what do kids think when jerry shoots top with a cannon, or when the pig dude is hunting rabbits. I do not see how this can relate to my play.

















































Regional News Story #2

Name: Hayden Sawyer

Team: Yellow 17

Region: North America 

Topic:



Article:5 dead after tourist helicopter crashes in Smoky Mountains

Date:4/11/16

Source:http://www.cbsnews.com/news/5-dead-after-tourist-helicopter-crashes-in-smoky-mountains-tennessee/



In the Smoky Mountains a helicopter crashed and five people were killed. At this time they cant identify the cause of the crash, there assuming the helicopter crash was caused by reckless flying to give the passengers a thrill. After the helicopter crashed the fire spread up the mountain. There was hardly anything left of the helicopter most of it was gone by the fire.    



The passengers and pilots had family which must have deeply impacted them. Especially the passenger family's because they were just there to have a good time not die. For our project i cant see how can this can relate to my play. 



























































Regional News Story #3

Name: Hayden Sawyer

Team: Yellow 17

Region:Asia 

Topic: Girls turning into weapons.



Article: Kidnapped to kill: How Boko Haram is turning girls into weapons

Date: 4/12/16

Source: CNN



A group of kidnappers turns girls into weapons and the girls do it because they don't want to be abused and starved. They turn them into suicide bombers and the girls do it to end the struggle. When the kidnappers set the bomb up the girls hope to find soldiers and tell them she has a bomb on her so they can take it and she can escape.



I believe that girls are smart and that they have a good plan on escaping without hurting anyone. The kidnappers should be found with the information that has been given by an escapee. I do not see how this is related to my play.