Regional News Story 1

Name: Rebecca Etheredge

Team: 15

Region: Europe

Topic: Panama Papers



Article: Panama Papers: Putin rejects corruption allegations

Date: 4/7/16

Source: BBC News



Ever since the Panama Papers were leaked Putin has been fighting any allegations that his government is corrupt. The Panama Papers are millions of documents that name many of Putins close friends as owners of offshore companies and suggests that they have been laundering money. Putin spoke out against these claims saying that it is the US making claims against them to rock them from within.

It seems that putin is  just trying really hard to cover up something that he shouldnt be doing as he doesn't actually talk about any of the topics in the papers he just  makes fun of the US and says his friend is a good member of society. He talks around the topics in the papers and doesnt confront them head on and it makes him seem guilty. 



Regional News Story 2

Region:North america

Topic: Dueling rallies held over North Carolina LGBT law



Article

Date: 4/11

Source: CBS News



Very many people rallied to defend a North Carolina Law that limits protection for people in the LGBT community. They chanted no men in women's bathroom highlighting one of the provisions of the multifaceted laws. Their chants were so loud they drowned out a smaller group fighting against the law chanting They are up there preaching hate! They do not represent our state! Opponents of the law, including the Rev. William Barber, president of North Carolina's NAACP branch, have threatened civil disobedience when the legislative session starts on April 25 if the law isn't repealed. Those who support the law are also planning a rally outside the legislature that day, said Mark Creech of the Christian Action League. 

It seems that the law wont be repealed since there are so many people who support it but it could actually be repealed if people who dont support it come together to help take it down. This could be a little bit like romeo and juliet if there were two people who liked each other but whose families had separate beliefs. 







Regional News Story 3

Region: Asia

Topic: Police Say 5 Connected to India Temple Surrender After Fire



Article

Date: 4/11

Source: ABC News



A weekend fire sparked by an unauthorized fireworks display killed 110 people in an indian temple during a religious festival. After the fire the five people who started it  surrendered to the police and are awaiting prosecution. Rescue Workers are sifting through the debris trying to figure out how the firework display sparked the fire that left 110 dead and 380 injured while the police are investigating the board members and associates of the firework contractors for charges of attempted murder and culpable homicide, as well as illegal cache storing of explosives.  

The five who were taken into custody should serve a life sentence based on the charges and the police should work hard to find the ones who distributed the fireworks as they are probably working illegally. 

.