Regional News Story

Name: Viral Patel

Team: Green 36

Region: Europe

Topic #1: Greece sends first migrants back to Turkey under new EU deal

Published: Mon April 4, 2016

Source: CNN



Migrants were deported from greece as part of a controversial plan to tackle the migration crisis and landed in Turkey. Three boats departed early morning from the Greek islands of Lesbos and Chios. The Migrants on board the first ferry were escorted by Turkish officers in the port town of Dikili. Greek authorities said there were 136 migrants on the two boats from Lesbos. The majority of them were Pakistan, and others from Sri Lanka, and India. Authorities said there was also 66 afghans that arrived on a boat from Chios. Turkey has agreed to accept 500 migrants a day. There were a lot of protesters  and some welcomes the migrants with open arms. The deportations were a big step for the European Union because of its efforts to end the migrant crisis. Now anyone illegal landing in greece will be returned to Turkey



I think that 500 people per day is a lot of people to be allowing into Turkey. I feel that the agreement that the European Union made was a good choice and i think that the migrant crisis is a big issue. I am not yet familiar with Shakespeares plays and i do not know what play this article will best fit into.



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Topic #2: Italy recalls envoy to Egypt over torture-killing of student

Published: April 8, 2016

Source: Fox

In Cairo, an Italian graduate student named Giulio Regeni was tortured and killed. His body was found with multiple stab wounds, burn marks for cigarettes and other signs of torture. Foreign Minister Paolo Gentiloni called Ambassador Maurizio Massari to try and determine the truth about the brutal murder of Giulio Regeni. This 28 year old student disappeared on January 25, the same say as the fifth anniversary of the Egyptian uprising in 2011. Egyptian security were out in Cairo to discourage protests, while his body was found near Cairo highway on February 3. Officials took an autopsy on him and found signs of torture over several days and that he may have died on the 1st or 2nd of February. The ministry held many meetings with the ambassadors, but failed to satisfy Italian authorities. Regenis parents said Italy should declare Egypt unsafe for visiting Italians. They said their son was only one of many torture victims in the country.



If I were an Italian I wouldn't want to risk the chance of me being tortured and killed by visiting Egypt. I agree with Regenis family and think that Italy should declare Egypt as unsafe. Giulio Regeni studied Egyptian Labor movements and disappeared on the same day as the Egyptian Uprising. Thats kind of ironic if you ask me. Egypt and Italy needs to do something about these murders and find out who is behind all of this so no more people die. I am not yet familiar with Shakespeares plays and i do not know what article this will best fit into.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Topic #3: Turkish strikes leave dozens of Kurdish villages empty

Published: April 10, 2016

Source: Fox



Many villages have been abandoned and hundreds of families are being displaced close to Iraqs border with Turkey because of the Turkish air strikes that are targeting militants from the Kurdistan Workers Party, also know as the PPK. Out of the 76 villages of Barwari sub-district of Dohuk governorate, that lies along the Turkish border, almost half of them are empty. People occasionally come back to check on their property and even work on their farms. Fawzi Ali, a local farmer says, The aircraft keep coming here continuously. They bomb the mountain, they bomb the edge of the village's. He also claimed that, People cannot live here. Many people moved in with relatives or rented houses in nearby villages and towns. Officials estimated that hundreds of families have been affected by these airstrikes.



It seems like Iraq isn't doing anything to stop these attacks. Iraq and supporting countries need to fight back for these peoples villages and homes. I feel that the United States should help Iraq fight against these Turkish airstrikes. This article could best fit into the play of Romeo and Juliet. Romeo could be Turkish and Juliet could be from Iraq and the only way they could be together is if one of them crosses the dangerous border in which Turkey is bombing.