Articles 1-3 (Current Events LCA)

Name: Nikhita Ramanujam

Team: Yellow 25

Region: Latin America

Topic: Decision on the Impeachment of President Rousseff, Brazil



Article: Impeach Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, Committee Says

Date: 4/7/2016

Source: CNN



Brazils committee is in favor of impeaching its countrys current president, Dilma Rousseff. To impeach someone means to remove them from office, because they have done something politically wrong. This is because of her actions in office that have caused a lot of trouble to Brazilians and their country. Her actions include being the chairwoman of a state-run oil company, Petrobras, while a large, multi-million dollar kickback scheme took place. A kickback scheme is kind of like a bribe, except that the money is paid in certain amounts at certain times by a contractor, or in this case, somebody that uses a contract to provide the money for the bribe. Rousseff also tried to hide a problem in the national budget, a shortfall in cash, before the 2014 elections, so she could be elected for her second term, or a second set of years as president. Besides this, she appointed Brazils former president, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva as her chief of staff shortly after he was questioned by police in an investigation about an oil company. By appointing him, it looked as if she were protecting Luiz from prosecution, or having legal action taken against him because he was charged as a criminal. After being questioned for all these wrongdoings, however, Rousseff denied her part in them. As she is president, Brazil itself faces a lot of problems, such as an extremely long economic downturn, the active Zika Virus (which deforms babies), and less interest in the Olympic Games, which it usually gains much from financially. To get Rousseff impeached, an action which many Brazilians call for in these hard times, there has to be a  agreement in the lower house of the legislative branch, the branch that makes laws, for the issue to reach the Senate, the upper house of the legislative branch. The decision must be reached within 180 days, in which time Rousseff is asked to step down from presidency and let her vice president reign, or she will continue to be the president until the end of her term. Though Rousseff states that she has not done anything wrong and should not be impeached, people overseeing this believe that she will not complete her second term, either through being impeached or ending her role as president with the new elections, to decide who will become the next president.

I believe that President Rousseff will get impeached soon due to the evidence placed against her in taking part in many scandals. However, I believe that this might become a lengthy process, seeing as Rousseff denies many of the charges she is dealt with, unless the Brazilian government finds better proof to further their claims opposing their current president. This story might make for a Latin American form of Macbeth, where Rousseff plays Macbeth, who is power-hungry and corrupts many things in his conquest for this power. Brazil is facing many problems at this time, which might show as evidence of her unsuccessful presidency. I cannot relate this to the play my group has, which is King Lear.



Name: Nikhita Ramanujam

Team: Yellow 25

Region: Asia

Topic: Dispute Between Hindus and Muslims on Political Freedom, Kashmir



Article: India Kashmir University Tense After Cricket Dispute

Date: 4/6/2016

Source: BBC



Soon after India had lost to the West Indies after the World T20 Cricket semi-finals, there began to be arguments between students attending the National Institute of Technology in Kashmir and local police forces. Kashmir is an area with a majority of their population as Muslims, followers of the Islamic religion, which India governs and is in charge of, despite the fact that most of India follows the religion of Hinduism rather than Islam. As soon as India had lost the match, many Kashmiri students from inside the school began to cheer, preventing others from raising the national flag of India. Classes were suspended after clashes, which were sometimes violent, broke out on campus between the Kashmiris and the Non-Kashmiris. Police had to become involved in the situation due to all the fighting. These arguments are the result of a deep-seated dispute, or argument, between Kashmir and India where Kashmir wants to either separate from the country or join Pakistan. Kashmir and Pakistan both have a large population of Muslims while Indias majority consists of the followers of Hinduism. The area of Kashmir has been historically known as the birthplace of  of the Indian-Pakistani Wars, or wars between the countries of India and Pakistan during the years of 1947-1948 and 1965. On Tuesday night, on April 5th, Non-Kashmiri students attempted to leave the campus. Though police attempted to stop them, the students attacked the policemen with stones, before being fought back at by the guards with force. Some students got injured, and the group further complains that the police confiscated the national flag of India that they were carrying, or took it away. Classes resumed the next day, but students still boycotted due to the earlier protests, the Non-Kashmiri students wanting the Indian flag to be hoisted in front of the school next to the Kashmir state flag. The Education Minister, or principal of education on campus, Smriti Irani, has sent word to government officials, including the chief minister of state, to solve the issue and ensure a safe environment for students at school. The entire event brings back what happened two months ago at Jawaharlal Nehru University; a student was arrested for chanting anti-national slogans. This arrest caused a debate, or argument, on nationalism, which can be wanting political independence for a certain country. The student was released from jail in March, but the issue of independence, or freedom, continues between both India and Kashmir.

In my opinion, violence between both Kashmir and India will continue because of the hatred situated between both Muslims and Hindus. Kashmir might separate from India in the long-run, but if it joins with Pakistan, fighting might occur additionally because of the fact that there is still a handful of Hindus in Kashmir which oppose Pakistani Muslims. The rift between the lesser-represented state of Kashmir and the larger power of India can be related to Shakespeares Julius Caesar. The people of Rome think that Julius Caesar is becoming too powerful, and want to separate from him, just like Kashmir wants to separate from India, the higher governing power. I cannot, however, relate this article to any of the Shakespeare plays that we are working on.



Name: Nikhita Ramanujam

Team: Yellow 25

Region: Europe

Topic: (Evidence of) The Attacks on Brussels, Belgium



Article: Surveillance Footage, Cab Driver Offer Clues in Investigation in Brussels Attack

Date: 3/23/2016

Source: CNN



On Tuesday, March 22nd, there were explosions set off in an airport in Brussels, Belgium and at the Maelbeek metro station. The blasts caused around 30 deaths and 230 injuries. ISIS, the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, is a terrorist group which says that they set off the explosions, though police were not sure at the time if they were the culprits due to lack of evidence. Now, they have used camera film and statements from witnesses during the time of the attack to find whomever is responsible. A recording of the airport taken from a camera show three men with their luggage, two of which are dressed in black and who died when they set off the bombs. The other, who is now the primary suspect in the matter, was dressed in a light suit with a dark hat, and had apparently left the airport. Police asked everybody to actively look for this man. News came soon after; the taxi driver who had dropped the men off at the airport sent word to the police. The taxi driver gave them the address of the suspects and the police conducted a search at the place. In the house they searched, in a north-eastern Brussels neighborhood named Schaerbeek, they found a nail bomb, chemicals, and an ISIS flag. Police stayed in the building for hours, finding evidence and taking pictures, while guards stood outside and secured the premises. The police were carrying bags of evidence with them as they left the building. The police started to connect the dots between these recent attacks, which left people to flee out onto the streets and areas to be evacuated, to the attacks on Paris. Salah Abdeslam, the major suspect of the attacks on Paris in November, was arrested merely days before the attacks in Belgium; this makes police believe that Abdeslams group and the people who set off the bombs in Brussels are related. ISIS also says that it was behind both the Belgium and Paris attacks. Belgian Prime Minister, Charles Michel, says that there is no information on whether both attacks are connected so far, but that it is being investigated, or looked into. Belgium officials, or people in its government, recounted that they knew danger could be lurking at any moment, with many people on Belgium joining ISIS and returning home; the bombs set of were proof of this. Though the terrorist attacks left people feeling surprised and in danger, Michel says that Belgium, the home of international organizations like NATO and the EU, will stay strong in the fight against threats like terrorists. ISIS supporters wrote back on Twitter saying that there may be worse things coming in the future.

What scared me most is what is being foreshadowed by ISIS supporters. They state that what has happened, leaving many dead and injured with much property destroyed, is not the worst to come. In the meantime, though, many are taking actions against the terrorist organization in attempt to release its malicious presence on places like Iraq and Syria. According to the Prime Minister of Belgium, even, the attacks cannot make the country weaker. I am hopeful that ISIS will no longer pose such a great threat as they state they are in the coming years, as more precautions are taken to prevent them from launching terrorist attacks. However, they are still capable enough and have a large-enough network to continue attacks similar to what has been seen in recent months. This can be perfectly related to Macbeth, where someone/ something, or in this case, ISIS, is so power-hungry that they began to attack others to get into power. There might be some people in ISIS that even deteriorate mentally from all the terror that they see because of the actions that they commit. I cannot, however, relate this to the play chosen by my group, King Lear.