your name, group, the region, your name for the topic, the article title, date the article was published, article source, and a hyperlink to the article.



Samuel wilner

Group 35

North america

Bernie against hillary 

Bernie surges towards new york shutdown 

4/6/16

Politico



For a one of the presidential candidates to be in the final election this year they have to win at least half of the 4766 delegates, to do that each state votes on the presidential candidates through how many votes they win they win a certain amount of delegates. Hillary clinton and bernie sanders are currently competing to be the democratic presidential nominee. After hillary clinton won most of the states it looked like she was going to be the nominee but after bernie sanders one 6/7 of the last states to vote on the nominees hillary clinton still has a comfortable leed of 250 delegates but with the new york primaries coming 247 delegates are up for grabs and hillary clinton knows that if she loses this primary she will be berated with questions about her campaign losing speed and falling flat, it will also heavily impact her lead on sanders. Both of them have been campaigning as hard as they can in new york so that they can win the primaries.



I think that bernie still has a chance and although its slim he CAN win if he manages to win in new york which will be quintessential for his campaign but that will be very difficult considering that new york his hillarys home state and she has wallstreet on her back while bernie hates it. 

We can use this conflict in our plays by showing people fighting in rallies for both candidates and protesting both candidates.



































Samuel wilner

Group 35

North america 

Ted cruz doing bad in new york

Cruz facing hostile reception in New York, Trump piles on

4/7/16 

fox news



Ted cruz did fantastic in wisconsin and beating donald trump by a landslide but since he has gotten to new york to campaign for the primaries he has been doing terribly with fewer than one-hundred people showing up for his meet and greet and showing up to greet many protesters telling him to get out and that he doesn't belong in the bronx because it's an immigrant community but while he is doing terribly donald trump is getting 52% of the votes with cruz only getting 17% putting him dead last in the new york primaries. Donald trump still has protesters but thousands are showing up to his rallies because of the real estate empire he has built in new york. 



I think that at this point ted cruz is finished, even though he won big in wisconsin which caused donald trump supporters to lose some confidence with him surging in new york and ted cruz having almost no supporters in new york which is one of the most delegate rich states, ted cruz is done for.

I think we could use this in our plays by showing the huge amount of controversy between the two candidates and their supporters. 





























Samuel wilner

Group 35

North america 

Hillary clinton is overconfident 

Clinton: I will have the delegates required to win

4/10/16

CNN



Hillary clinton is very confident that she will have the required delegates to get the democratic nomination and because of this many say that she is unprepared for a scenario where she will rival bernie sanders. She has started to say all of this after bernie sanders launched several verbal volleys at her asking what kind of president she would really be since she has flip flopped so much on her stances.

I think that hillary clinton is way to confident considering she is losing to bernie sanders in two of the most delegate rich states in the coming nominations.  

I could see this being used as a romeo and juliet type scenario where there are two families disagreeing on who the next president should be and their kids wanting to get married even though there parents hate each other