Zach Najm

Greece sends first migrants back to Turkey under new EU deal:

Written: April 4th, 2016

From: CNN

Turkey begins to take the new immigrants to help give them a new life.The first boat was of 136 people from Greece and Lesbos, and the other was of 66 from Chios. This affects those 136 people and their family. Turkey agreed to take in 500 immigrants a day.

I believe this is significant because it gives people a chance to better their lives. As long as Turkey has space and these immigrants have been checked and arent illegal its a great thing. I think other countries should do this more often to help others. This relates to Romeo and Juliet because in the end their family becomes friends and Greece and Turkey are now friends/alliances and allow the immigrants over.



Tracking ISIS ambitions in Europe-- A threat years in the making:

Written: April 4th, 2016

From: CNN

Passengers are being helped after a suicide bombing at the Brussels airport on March 22nd, 2016. 32 people were killed and 300 were injured. ISIS said their fighters first attacked in the Belgian Capital. 

I think this is significant because ISIS is a terrorist group that causes problems for many people today. They affected the 332 people and all of their families. This terrorist group is one of the largest problems in the world today and causes terror monthly and should be stopped in my opinion. This doesnt relate to Shakespeare.

Bulgarian vigilantes filmed tying up migrants:

Written: April 11th, 2016

From: BBC

People of Bulgaria were caught tying up illegal immigrants telling them to go back to turkey. After the Bulgarian government put up 59 mile of razor wire along its border between it and Turkey. They immigrants claimed they were from Afghanistan. One of the Bulgarian men was armed with a machete and stood over them while shouting you need to go back to Turkey.

In my opinion I believe illegal immigrants should be the least of our worries considering we still have terrorists. The illegal immigrants can be dealt with in a better way instead of tying them up. If we took the immigrants in as our own, they wouldnt be going on rampages and they wouldnt be hostile and could help offer jobs. This relates to King lear because he sent his daughter off and these Bulgarian men are sending the other men off.