Panama papers leak cast light on a law firm founded on secrecy



The panama papers case is a global issue, as the major shell companies hid billions upon billions of =dollars to avoid taxes. Panama, still recouping from the effects of general manuel noriega, is very unstable, and crime can happen at any time. Two law firms decided to come together to form a new firm. The firm, Mossack Fonseca, was built on assurances of bulletproof privacy for its clients. But its operations were laid bare this week by a vast leak of millions of documents that have helped expose the proliferation of shell companies and tax havens for the worlds wealthiest people



Austrian gvmt Will try to seize the house hitler was born in.



Hitler, because he was one of the most infamous people of the 20th century, made anything he touched famous, from clothing to places he went, or lived in. This is a property dispute as people preoccupied the building will try to keep the rights to the building, but the government is willing to pay the people who occupy the house to move. \



 Russia, Light on Cash, Weighs Risks of a Heavy Tax on Oil Giants

Russia has been in the economical hole, and with their pockets dry, thy need cash fast. This year, new taxes will cost oil companies about 200 billion rubles, or about $2.9 billion. But a far larger tax, reported by Russian news media to be up to $11 billion, is under consideration for the 2017 budget. This is outrageous!  At an oil price of $100 a barrel, for example, the companies were paying taxes of $74, according to Renaissance, a Moscow investment bank. When oil prices collapsed, the government took most of the loss in diminished tax receipts. With oil at $35 a barrel, the tax is about $17, leaving $18 a barrel for the companies  not too much less than the $30 a barrel they made at the peak.



Saudi Arabia Executes Dozens, Exacerbating Sectarian Tensions



What China Has Been Building in the South China Sea



ISIS Competition Fuels Al-Qaeda Comeback In Africa