Evelyn Blackman

Group 6- Yellow

NAME FOR THE TOPIC: Another catastrophic Trump idea/ Politics
ARTICLE TITLE: White House denounces Trumps Asian nuclear idea as catastrophic


PUBLISHED DATE: March 31st, 2016

SOURCE: Washington Post

LINK:https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/white-house-denounces-trumps-asian-nuclear-idea-as-catastrophic/2016/03/31/c80226d4-f760-11e5-a3ce-f06b5ba21f33_story.html 





Summary: Trump believes that the U.S. cant afford to support and protect Japan and South Korea. He thinks that they need to start supporting themselves with nuclear weapons, since the U.S cant keep them under our Nuclear Security Umbrella.  Japan fears that Trumps rising popularity in the 2016 polls will be dangerous, and Obama is currently having conferences with Japans government officials. This should mean something to you because it doesnt only affect 2-3 countries, it will affect everyone in the long run. If we stopped protecting South Korea and Japan, that is two more countries that will become vulnerable, and most likely will not side with us if it ever came down to picking sides. 



My opinion: My personal beliefs on this article are that Trump is right, the U.S is already in enough debt here. We cant afford to be providing for other countries when all it would take is one decision and our country is basically done with, so whats the point of just digging the hole deeper? I am conflicted with this, because I think we shouldnt keep supporting Japan & South Korea, but if we stopped that would most likely affect a larger scale of people in the end. I dont think this could be incorporated into our Shakespearean remix, though.  







NAME FOR THE TOPIC: Asia

ARTICLE TITLE: North Korea threatens to scorch South Koreas presidential offices

PUBLISH DATE: March 23rd , 2016

SOURCE: Washington Post

LINK: https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/north-korea-threatens-to-scorch-south-koreas-presidential-offices/2016/03/23/b0816786-f107-11e5-a2a3-d4e9697917d1_story.html 



Summary: As North Koreas tensions are high with basically everyone, especially South Korea and the U.S, North Korea is actively sending out threat after threat, claiming how they are not afraid to annihilate the enemy without mercy. They have threatened to wipe out Manhattan and now South Koreas presidential office.



My opinion: I think that this should be taken pretty seriously given the fact that there is still a war waiting to explode like a dormant volcano. Given the fact that one of the sides is throwing threats again, it actually could mean something. But, I do not understand why the war cant just be over yet, I mean over 60 years?? What is the point of waiting almost 66 years and then trying to start it all back up again? I do not think this could be used in the Shakespearean remix though.





NAME FOR TOPIC: Localism// Asia

ARTICLE TITLE: 'Younger Games': Hong Kong's Joshua Wong launches new political party



PUBLISH DATE: April 7th, 2016
SOURCE: CNN

LINK: http://www.cnn.com/2016/04/07/asia/demosisto-joshua-wong-hong-kong/index.html 



Summary: Riots and protests have been occurring all over China and the rise of a new political party called Localism is due to Joshua Wong of Hong Kong. Localism is wanting independence in a certain area, free from the government. Independence from the Tibetan government is what Hong Kong is pushing for. 



My opinion:    In my opinion, I think that it is stupid to go through this whole one country, two systems process. Having one city be under a completely different political system from the rest of the country is pretty much making Hong Kong a city-state. Also, I dont see the point of trying to add another political party when things are already confusing enough as it is. I dont see how this could be incorporated into our Shakespearean remix project.