Name: Ben

Team: Green 3

Region: Asia

Topic: North Korea being a potential threat 



Article: North Korea Launches Ballistic Missiles

Date: 4/18/2016

Source: CNN



North Korea launched two ballistic missiles off the west coast of the Korean Peninsula. One of the missiles flew 800 kilometers overland to the east coast of the country. The second projectile was being tracked, but South Korean officials lost track of it after it reached an altitude of 17 kilometers. US and the South Korean militaries are keeping a close eye on the situation and maintaining readiness in the case of North Korean provocation. The missiles were fired from the South Pyongan province and just one week before 2 more missiles were launched from North Hwanghae province, south of Pyongyang, toward the sea east of the Korean Peninsula. These missile launches have really increase the already heavy tensions. North Korea has claimed that they had miniaturized nuclear warheads to fit on the ballistic missiles. Tensions have heightened even more due to four North Korean nuclear test and South Korea and US joint military drills. 17,000 US military personnel and 300,000 South Korean troops took part in what they are calling the largest joint military training exercise ever. North Korea warned that it would make a pre-emptive and offensive nuclear strike in response to these training exercises.



The North Korean government is getting even more frightening the longer they go unchecked. They are advancing in weapons technology at an alarming rate. Eventually they will act on their threats and we would be left with a very devastating nuclear war. Right now the range of their missiles only reaches from the Dakotas to California at an angle, but that will only increase as time goes on. I dont see how this could connect to Shakspeare.













































Region: FSR

Topic: Vladimir Putin and the Panama Funds Leak



Article: Russian cellist says funds revealed in Panama Papers came from donations

Date: 4/10/16

Source: The Guardian



The Russian cellist Sergei Roldugin was found to be linked to one of the off-shore accounts that were published in the Panama Paper. Sergei was linked to Vladimir Putin as being an old friend. Since Vladimir Putin was not shown to be linked to any off-shore accounts it is believed that Sergei is safeguarding money for Putin. He went on russian tv and in a 20 minute session dismissed the idea that he was safeguarding money for Putin or that he was amazingly wealthy. Roldugin insisted that he controls a series of assets for at least $100m. He claims that he has been accepting donations from rich businessmen for buying expensive cellos for young russians. A large number of Putins old acquaintances have become very wealthy in the past few years. All of the money supposedly link the Roldugin that add up to 2 billion dollars. CIA have trying to link all the money to Putin, but they have not had any success.



Vladimir Putin has very cleverly made it so that none of his money can be connected to him. Since he is suspected to one of the richest people it is mysterious that he did not have any assets revealed in the Panama Paper. I dont see a huge connection to Shakespeare.























































Region: Asia

Topic: China Executions



Article: China is the world's top executioner, but it doesn't want you to know that

Date: 4/7/16

Source: CNN



Over the years China has consistently had the highest execution count worldwide. They have been trying to cut back from 5,000 executions in 2010 to just over 1,000 in 2015. They are achieving this by reducing the number of capital crimes by reducing it by 13 in 2011 and 9 more in 2015, but it is still a dangerous 46. China also announced that they will not be harvesting organs from executed prisoners. Having these death sentences can be very bad when someone is wrongly accused. In 1996 a mongolian teen, Huugjilt, was wrongly executed for the murder and raping of a woman. He was tried and executed in a matter of months. Nine years later a convicted serial rapist and murder, Zhao Zhihong, confessed to the crime. The court overturned the ruling and paid Huugjilts parents 2 million yuan for the wrongful execution of their son. 



I think this is a very sad story. Parents having their son accused of rape and murder then having him get executed, but it turns out he was innocent. This is the problem with Chinas death penalty. If Huugjilt was only locked in prison for life he would probably still be alive and the real killer would be locked away and the parents wouldnt have a dead son. I dont have enough knowledge of Shakespeare to know if this would relate to one of his plays, but I have a feeling that it fits into the plot of one of his plays.