Name: Alex Flores

Group: 21





Each topic should be covered according to the following instructions:

Find a source that discusses a topic unique for you and your group that follows the 4x4 rule- written within 4 weeks, describing new events in the last 4 months.

In your google doc, begin by giving the your name, group, the region, your name for the topic, the article title, date the article was published, article source, and a hyperlink to the article.

Write a summary paragraph that discusses the topic giving a peer (or even an average 6th grader) a full understanding of the event and why they should care. Assume that your audience has not and will not read the source you used to write your article. You may need to do additional research to be able to fully explain the events and their significance.

Write a second paragraph that discusses your personal beliefs about the events in the article. You should also consider assessing how you might incorporate the event into your remix of Shakespeare. 





Region: Latin America

Topic Name: Mexicans burn Donald Trump effigies in Easter ritual

Article Name: Mexicans burn Donald Trump effigies in Easter ritual

Date Published: Sun Mar 27, 2016 2:04pm EDT

Source: Reuters

Link: http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-election-mexico-idUSKCN0WT04B 

Bonus Video: http://www.theguardian.com/world/video/2016/mar/27/republican-donald-trump-effigy-burned-mexican-easter-ritual-video 





In the Catholic faith, the week before Easter is know as holy week. On Holy Saturday in Mexico, an interesting ritual called The Burning of Judas takes place. The ritual is about the man who betrayed Jesus in the Bible, Judas, and symbolizes his punishment for doing so. The ritual consists of burning, lighting fireworks on, and exploding giant paper mache status, called effigies, of Judas, the Devil, and demons, and in recent years, people such as crime lords, drug dealers, and corrupt politicians also take the stage. The bigger the effigy, the more evil the figure is considered, the biggest effigy is the Devil, normally followed by demons, but this year, the second biggest effigies in many cities across Mexico were of Donald Trump. It is a way for us to get even on Holy Saturday, and burn the people who have harmed and betrayed us. In this case, we chose Donald Trump because we are truly tired of the nonsense he says, and he is truly disastrous for us, and hopefully he wont get elected president. -  Man in the video



I agree with the men that talk in the video, most of the illegal immigration, is people who just want to see their family, or are shopping and get stuck on the opposite side. The reason there are drug runners is because america takes advantage of the latin american people and does not pay them fair wages, it is almost like slavery, with out the wiping a torcher. Because of this, they have to make money another way to support themself and their families, so they turn to the best paying, although dangerous, job of drug running. And yes, the Mexicans are purposely sending rapists over the border to their financial backbone, neighbor and trade partner. Uh huh, riiiiight. Is it significant? Yes and no. People burning effigies for an Easter ritual like they have done every year? Not significant. Using Donald Trump in said ritual to protest his election because of what it would mean for them? YES! For some reason, Trump has it out for the Mexicans, and his election would cause problems for not only people in Mexico, but for people with ties to Mexico, hispanic background, and those close to the border. Thats at least 100,000 people, so I think its significant. As for Shakespeare; it fits with the tragedy Coriolanus if thats what youre asking for.





Region: Latin America

Topic Name: White House warns Congress: Fight Zika or live to regret it

Article Name: White House warns Congress: Fight Zika or live to regret it

Date Published: 

Source: CNN

Link: http://www.cnn.com/2016/04/06/politics/zika-virus-white-house-congress/index.html 





The zika viris; mysterious, exodic, and deadly. The article is about the white house telling congress that they need to issue full emergency funds to stop the zika virus from spreading in the us before it is too late. 

The Zika virus has been linked to microcephaly -- a condition in which a developing fetus' (aka a forming babys) brain fails to fully grow and babies are born with unusually small heads -- as well as Guillain-Barre syndrome, which causes the body to attack its own nerves. (Taken from article)

The white house is worried that by the time congress does something, it will be too late.



EXTREMELY SIGNIFICANT!!!!! This is something GLOBLE, it can affect anyone, anywhere, anytime. Thats over a BILLION PEOPLE! I agree that measures need to be taken to stop the virus before it turns into an all out epidemic, or a massive outbreak.  Shakespeare; it connects to King Lear slightly, as it is during the time of the Black Plague, and many characters show concern over the Plague. 





Region: Latin America

Topic Name: Tickets to the 2016 Olympics aren't selling, and Brazil is scrambling to boost demand

Article Name: Tickets to the 2016 Olympics aren't selling, and Brazil is scrambling to boost demand

Date Published: 

Source: CNN

Link: http://money.cnn.com/2016/04/03/news/world/olympics-rio-ticket-sales/index.html 





Hosting the Olympics is a huge honor, and a huge financial burden. Brazil played host to the World Cup back in 2014, and soon is hosting the Summer Olympics. But with millions of us dollars spent on building the stage, tickets arent selling, so Brazil is doing everything it can to boost sales. 



Its no wonder the tickets aren't selling! The place is full of water born disease, and this is the SUMMER Olympics; you need water! The Olympics are a time of peace for the world, but if the world leaders get sick, then what? There is no Shakespeare connection that I can see.