1) Name: Maria Vela

Team: 11

Region: Asia

Topic: 5 builders charged cause of earthquake deaths



Article: Taiwan prosecutors charge 5 builders in earthquake deaths

Date: 04/07/16

Source: Fox News



Prosecutors in Taiwan are charging 5 builders of an apartment building. During February there was an earthquake that killed many people. The cause of 115 of them was an apartment building collapsed. Investigators said that Weiguan expanded the 17-story buildings floor plan but didn't increase reinforcements. They used steel supports, resulting with 44 percent less load-bearing capacity than needed. So cause of this, the Tainan district posecutors office said Lin Ming-hui, the buildings developer, 3 employees of his Weiguan construction company and an outside consultant are being charged with professional negligence resulting in death. This apartment building was the only building to fall in the earthquake. 

 I thinks the actions the prosecutors took were necessary. It's the builder's' fault they didnt add the support they needed. I don't think this article can connect into Shakespeare in any way.





2) Name: Maria Vela

Team: 11

Region: Sub Saharan Africa

Topic: Radiotherapy machine for cancer treatment in Uganda breaks



Article: Uganda's radiotherapy machine for cancer treatment breaks

Date: 04/08/16

Source: BBC News



The only radiotherapy machine used for cancer treatment in Uganda broke. The machine is beyond repair leaving thousands of people unable to get life-saving treatment. Mulago Hospitals cancer unit, in Kampala, is looking for about $1.8m to buy a new machine.

This doesnt relate to Shakespeare. It sucks that their only radiotherapy for cancer treatment broke. I hope they get the money to buy a new one soon. 















3) Name: Maria Vela

Team: 11

Region: North America

Topic: High Amounts of Lead in Schools!



Article: Water With Unsafe Lead Amounts Found in Hundreds of Schools

Date: 04/09/16 

Source: ABC News



Because of the crisis in Flint, Michigan, schools all over the country are testings classroom sinks and cafeteria faucets for high levels of lead. Only some schools and daycares are required to check for lead. Most lead problems were traced to aging buildings with lead pipe, older drinking fountains and water fixtures with lead in them. Many school have lead pipes and replacing the pipes will cost more than the building is worth. Those schools took out drinking fountains and got bottled water for students.

I think it's awful that there is high levels of lead in school water. It's smart to get bottled water but the cost will add up quickly. This can connect to a modern Shakespeare play by using lead pipes to kill off people and use it to poison them.