ABC News, BBC News, CBS News, CNN, Fox News, The Guardian, LA Times, NBC News, NY Times, Reuters, Wall Street Journal, or the Washington Post

Regional News Story

Name: Sadeed Khader

Team: Group 11

Region: Sub Saharan Africa

Topic: Ebola hasnt died yet.



Article: Ebola: A new flare-up in Liberia, vaccines given out in Guinee

Date: 4/8/16

Source: CNN





In 2014, ebola was a disease that infected thousands of people, however since then scientists have created a vaccine that stopped ebola in its tracks and cured many people. WHO even claimed that the ebola outbreak wasnt a public health emergency anymore. However a couple of days after that, ebola sprang up again in Liberia which leads people to think that ebola may make a new and more deadly appearance. One case was of a 30 yr old who died in a hospital and was diagnosed with ebola afterwards. There was another case in southern Guinea where 7 out of 8 people had died to ebola and the 8th being an 11 yr old girl who lived thanks to being treated at an ebola care facility. They gave vaccines to about 800 people who had been in contact with those 8 people.



I dont think ebola will make a huge appearance as it did in 2014 because now we have vaccines for it, but it probably will still be around infecting random people. However ebola still has a chance of mutating to counter the vaccine as it is a virus so it would be safe to assume that it can cause problems later on and continue to have people work on it and observe the disease. Since Macbeth is about killing others to get to become king and King Lear has some torture in it, we could have a part where ebola is used as a means of torture or a means to kill someone and treating as an unfortunate accident by the killer.































Regional News Story

Name: Sadeed Khader

Team: Group 11

Region: Asia

Topic: North Korean Rocket Engine 



Article: North Korea claims successful long-range rocket engine test

Date: 4/9/16

Source: CBS



North Korea claims to have successfully created a long-range rocket engine that would allow them to launch nuclear missiles at the U.S. But its more likely that they would need to work harder on it actually reaching the U.S. for one and to actually attack a warhead to the rocket engine. Officials from South Korea say that they dont even have a reliable ballistic missile yet. This test was one of many as a month ago the North launched a medium-ranged missile. Its believed that they are trying to provoke the U.S. and other countries and that hes doing this to get people in his country to side with him more with saying that hes fighting hard against the bigger countries as they are trying to come and destroy the North. The North also claims to have made advancements in technology such as miniaturized warheads and theyve claimed to have mastered re-entry tech for nuclear missiles as they come back into the earths atmosphere.



In my opinion I think we should start taking action on trying to get  the North under control in some way because they might actually try to start a war one day. And we arent positive on actually how far they are in their technology, they could be way ahead of what they really are and they're just trying to get us to underestimate them. We should hold a meeting of some sort on how to deal with North Korea. I also think, since there is a part in King Lear where the daughters go to war with each other, that the daughter who was kicked out could be the U.S and the evil daughters are North Korea. 































Regional News Story

Name: Sadeed Khader

Team: Group 11

Region: Europe

Topic: 



Article: Hundreds Hurt as Migrants Confront Macedonian Border Police

Date: 4/10/16

Source: ABC



Migrants from Syria who are now in camps in Greece are trying to get across to the Macedonian borders, however the Macedonian police wouldnt open the border gates to allow them through so the migrants try to force their way through. As a retaliation, the Macedonian police use tear gas, plastic bullets stun grenades and water cannons to stop them. Hundreds were injured and started to get breathing problems from the tear gas, and because of the sheer amount of tear gas that was being used, people who were obeying also got caught up in it and were forced to move to farms away from the camps. About 50,000 people are stranded in Greece and a lot of them dont wish to take the offer theyve been given by Greece of being transferred to temporary hospitality location as some say it would take to long and that the camp conditions arent good for children and such.



Since they are the ones who migrated I think they should try to be more patient. They should allow the government to come up with a plan to deal with the situation to help them. Being reckless and making hasty decisions may lead people to argue against helping them leaving the migrants in a bad place. However I do not know much about this topic so I guess I shouldnt be making assumptions on their decisions. I think that this could also work with Macbeth a little as the evil sisters could be the Macedonian police and the good sister the migrants. The Macs fighting to stop the migrants and the migrants fighting to get to a good safe place.