(1)

Arthur Sliter

Team 23

Region: North America

Topic: HB 1523, how it will affect Mississippi



Article: Mississippi's 'Religious Freedom' Bill: What to Know About the New 'Sweeping Anti-LGBT Law'

Date: 4/6/16

Source: abc



Mississippi governor Phil Bryant signed House Bill 1523 on tuesday which is argued the most sweeping anti-LGBT legislation in the U.S." The outcome of this is that single mothers, same-sex couples and their families, transgender people, and vulnerable youth will face hateful discrimination. They can be turned away from social services like homeless shelters, denied medical care, or be fired from their jobs. This bill allows individuals, businesses and religiously-affiliated organizations (including hospitals, schools, emergency services, and more) to discriminate and deny service to people who conflict with their religious beliefs. This law is meant to Protect peoples Religious Freedom from the governments Discrimination although this is a lightweight excuse to back such an immense law. Other than directly affecting the LGBTQ+ community this law will also affect every life inside of Mississippi state lines. Mississippi has faced major backlash from this legislation and is predicted to lose billions of dollars in funding and may even face lawsuits.  Many of the state's largest employers such as Nissan Group of North America, Tyson Food Inc., MGM Resorts International, and Toyota publicly shared their opposition to the appalling legislation, joining national corporations such as AT&T, IBM, Levi Strauss & Co, MassMutual, General Electric, and Hyatt Hotel Corporations. Thousands of Mississippians, regardless of sexuallity, are ashamed of their states actions and ACLU of Mississippi commented  "Far from protecting anyone from government discrimination as the bill claims, it is an attack on the citizens of our state, and it will serve as the Magnolia States badge of shame."

I know religious southerners are crazy but i never expected it to be at this level. The same argument used to legalize gay marriages (religious freedom) is now being used to ban it in Mississippi. Phil Bryant is under the delusion that the government legalizing marriage equality is discrimination towards the religious. This will allow people to be denied services they need and deserve and will affect thousands of people. Even if you do not agree with same-sex marriages, this legislature has outraged many major employers and corporations that operate within and fund Mississippi. The state could lose billions of dollars in funds, face lawsuits, and much more. Neighboring states are also appalled and problems between them may arise. I do not possess enough knowledge of shakespeare  to adapt this into a shakespearean play.



(2)

Arthur Sliter

Team 23

Europe

Migrants repelled with tear gas, over 300 injured



Hundreds Hurt as Migrants Confront Macedonian Border Police

4/10/16

abc

On Saturday, migrants fought with Macedonian police after being stopped from scaling the border fence with Greece. Macedonian police used tear gas, stun grenades, plastic bullets, and a water cannon to stop the migrants. The fights continued into the afternoon and the amount of tear gas used was so overwhelming that the effects could be felt by 11,000 migrants camping in the nearby town of Idomeni, many fled the camp to escape the painful gas. The aid agency Doctors without borders reported about 300 people for injuries and six were hospitalized. Greece criticised Macedonian police for using excessive force.



 Many people are fleeing their homelands because of IS militants. Abd Ahmad, 27, an Iraqi Kurd who is traveling with his wife and their 1 year old daughter, said life in the Idomeni camp was "difficult for the child"  but not nearly as dangerous as conditions back home. He said Islamic State militants killed a 7-year-old sister and 11-year-old brother in Iraq, while another brother already had reached Germany and another sister was in Finland. IS militants are ruthless and brutal and are driving people out of their own homes. Many of these people in Macedonia are fleeing towards Greece but Macedonia has shut down its borders and will not allow the migrants to leave. Macedonian police used some heavy force in order to keep the migrants from leaving. I do not think the amount of force used was overly excessive but i do think it could've been handled just as effectively with less force.  I do not possess enough knowledge of shakespeare  to adapt this into a shakespearean play.





(3)

Arthur Sliter

Team 23

Asia

Hong Kong teen creates new Democracy party

Hong Kong Teen Democracy Activist Forms New Political Party



  4/10/16

Abc



Teen activist Joshua Wong unveiled a pew political party on saturday that plans to have candidates in upcoming elections, marking the next step in pro-democracy movements in the southern Chinese city. This new party is called Demosisto. The 19 year old has founded many activist groups including one named Scholarism which mostly contained highschool students. He later dissolved Scholarism in order to concentrate on Demosisto. Wong says DEmosistos goal is to hold a vote in 10 years to decide whether Hong Kong should have self-determination for its future after 2047.



I'm not very good with politics so this part will be short but i believe this new party will allow more chinese citizens to have a say in their lives and loosen the communist grips. Many people may be against the idea because people may be afraid and used to the communist system and to want to change things up. I believe this will better China. I do not possess enough knowledge of shakespeare  to adapt this into a shakespearean play.