Instructions-

Find a source that discusses a topic unique for you and your group that follows the 4x4 rule- written within 4 weeks, describing new events in the last 4 months.

In your google doc, begin by giving the your name, group, the region, your name for the topic, the article title, date the article was published, article source, and a hyperlink to the article.

Write a summary paragraph that discusses the topic giving a peer (or even an average 6th grader) a full understanding of the event and why they should care. Assume that your audience has not and will not read the source you used to write your article. You may need to do additional research to be able to fully explain the events and their significance.

 Write a second paragraph that discusses your personal beliefs about the events in the article. You should also consider assessing how you might incorporate the event into your remix of Shakespeare. 

 SAMPLE ARTICLE





Name: Takeru (Roo) Kitagawa-Barnes

Team: Green 23

Region: SWANA



Topic: Rojava: A safe haven in the middle of Syria's brutal war

Date Published: 5:04 AM ET, Wed March 30, 2016

Date Written: Thursday April 7, 2016

Source: CNN





 

 Despite the carnage and war, civilians and refugees have been finding a heaven in Rojava Syria.  Since 2011 people have been gathering in the land of Rojava and forming a community to aid the needs of the less fortunate.



  So far Rojava has assisted the U.S. with military action against extremist groups in the area, but many believe that they may eventually become a threat towards the U.S. because some share a non-capitalist beliefs.  Many of Rojavas population finds trusting the U.S. difficult because of the U.S. military had destroyed what is said to be around 70% of Kobani.  The city itself is not very developed with not tall  standing structure, but is instead mostly there just for survival in the harsh environment.  Rojava protection comes from their soldiers which are regulated by higher authorities in the community.



   To many refugees Rojava stand as a sort of beacon of hope and future change, but if that will last is up for debate.  In a way this article relates to the play of King Lear because despite the many troubles there is still good some where.





Name: Takeru (Roo) Kitagawa-Barnes

Team: Green 23

Region: Asia



Topic: Rojava: India temple fire: 105 killed in fireworks disaster; criminal case opened

Date Published: 4:12 PM ET, Sun April 10, 2016

Date Written: Sunday

Source: CNN







   India is now mourning the loss of 105 and the some 400 people that were hospitalized after an accident involving fireworks took a turn for the worse.  The accident was caused by a massive chain of reactions where after one pile of fireworks were ignited those ignited others.  

   

   Celebrations like the one that occurred on the Sunday were common to have fireworks, but without proper handling they can be highly dangerous.  The people who planned to use the fireworks had not even received permission from the government to use them during the celebration.  The temple authorities and firework contracts involved in the incident now possible face a criminal case involving homicide and use of fireworks without consent of the government.  The people whom were hospitalized as a result of the incident are receiving free medical treatment on the behalf of the government.



   To prevent tragedies like the one that occurred on that Sunday from happening in the future stricture safety regulations will most likely be implemented.  This news article reminds me of the incident where the globe theater burned down since both events involved fires and important buildings were destroyed as a result.    







Name: Takeru (Roo) Kitagawa-Barnes

Team: Green 23

Region: Asia



Topic: John Kerry makes historic visit to Hiroshima memorial

Date published: April 11, 2016

Date written: April 11, 2016

Source: BBC







   Crowds gathered to see the special visitors that visited the WWII memorial in Hiroshima Japan.  One of those people were John Kerry.  



    John Kerrys presence is highly significant since he is the first U.S. minister to have ever visited the memorial in Japan.  Kerry had tagged along with a group of other foreign for a g7 meeting which was being held in the city at the time.  While in the city the group of ministers also visited the memorial in honor of those whom lost their lives.  To many people Kerrys presence was significant since it represented the passage of time which two countries that were once enemies are now allies.



   Despite struggles in the past what were once enemies have now grown to call each other allies.  I am uncertain how this article has any relation to Shakespeare.



Links to sources

http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/30/opinions/rojava-kurds-syria-democracy/index.html

http://www.cnn.com/2016/04/10/asia/india-temple-fire/?iid=ob_article_organicsidebar_expansion&iref=obnetwork

http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-36012206