Paris terror suspect Mohamed Abrini arrested in Belgium

Name: Ethan chau

Team: Green 33

Region: Eurpoe 

Topic: Paris terror suspect Mohamed Abrini arrested in Belgium



On November 13, 2015, 128 civilians died from bombing that took place in paris. This affected the whole city and shocked the whole world. Paris police have been searching non stop for the ones who were responsible for this attack. 4 months later on March 22, 32 people were killed by another terrorist attack that took place in a Belgium airport. A total of 3 bombers were involved, while 2 died, 1 survived. He was captured on surveillance camera wearing a hat trying to flee the scene, but was later on arrested and identified as Mohamed Arbi. Mohamed Arbi is suspected to be tied to the paris attacks, that happened back in november. His fingerprints were found from a vehicle 2 nights before the paris attacks. With this capture they have 2 people, along with Salah Abdeslem, that are tied to the paris attacks. 



I think this is a good for both countries (belgium and france) because it's a step closer to find everyone who is possibly involved in these terrorist attacks and probably prevent future attacks. This does not tie in any shakespeare play. 



http://www.cnn.com/2016/04/08/europe/brussels-attack-arrests/index.html





Name: Ethan chau

Team: Green 33

Region: Asia

Topic: Afghan soldiers desert as Taliban threaten key Helmand capital

 

3 miles out of the city of Lashkar,Gah afghanistan soldiers can be see seen with a taliban flag. This is because many afghanistan soldiers have turned to the taliban because the afghanistan army were not threatening them right. One soldier mention he was laying in his base while his fellow comrades were injured and not being taken to the hospital. The U.S have poured millions into training in afgha soldiers, now the afghan soldiers teach the taliban what they have learned in training. The afghanistan army and NATO troops have been trying to push out the taliban group for years, this could be there worst nightmare because the tables have turned. There soilders turned to their ememy. 



In my opinion this could be Afghanistan worst nightmare ever, because their own men betrayed them and sided with the enemy. Not only those soldiers betrayed the army, they also teach the taliban what they have learned which gives them an advantage. This story can tie with macbeth because in macbeth, 2 lords who are suppose to serve King Dane, betrays the king.





http://www.cnn.com/2016/04/11/middleeast/afghanistan-helmand-taliban-soldiers/index.html





Name: Ethan chau

Team: Green 33

Region: Europe 

Topic: how Europe is punishing migrants



Immigrants pour into europe due to circumstances that happen in their homeland, such as the government being corrupted or terrorist groups causing terror in their homes. Many european countries have made legislation to target these immigrants from stop coming into their country. These are made by the government or sometimes a contractor that works on behalf of the government. Countries such as germany ban refugees from public areas, while Slovakia do not accept muslims and only christians, and the Danish government puts an advertisement in the lebanese newspapers to not to come to denmark. By doing this, it discourages refugees from coming into their country.



I believe this whole idea of making these legislation is whack. Such as not allowing immigrants in for their religion. All of this in hopes of discouraging refugees from coming. Although i do see why they make these bogus legislations. If you look at it from their perspective, it looks like unwanted squatters raiding your home. And youre doing anything to keep them out.  This does not tie to shakespeare. 



https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/world/migrant-legislation/