Justice Tam

Team: Green 6

Region: Europe 

Topic: Terror on Europe 



3/28/2016

Articule: http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/24/politics/europe-terror-ash-carter-isis/index.html

CNN 



The Tuesdays bombings in Brussels left at 35 confirmed dead as well as 300 wounded. Brussels wasnt the only city bombed; Ankara, Paris, and Istanbul were also similarly attacked in the past five months. U.S. havent encountered such highly trained terrorists with excellent organization. There are five reasons Europe is more vulnerable than the U.S.. 

Europe has more law enforcement and intelligence gaps. 

Because of open borders and the complete lack of cooperation between neighboring countries, this cause the problem to reach extreme levels. This is mainly due to distrust between nations that have no E.U. defensive and intelligence body. 

     2. The U.S. doesnt have open borders close to ISIS territory. 

The open borders between European countries made gun trafficking laughably easy especially when theres a surplus of small arms left over from previous armed conflicts that occurred in the Balkans. Not only that, the nations is failing to track people in and out of Europe. 

     3. Europes politics can work against catching terrorist. 

The government and the people within the European nations are divided on how to deal with terrorist which is greatly hampering their abilities to do any actual work. 

     4. The U.S. has fewer homegrown ISIS fighters than Europe.  

4,000 Europeans joined ISIS compared to 100 Americans and this includes 1,800 France, 500-600 Brits, 500 Belgians, and 200 from the Netherlands. There are concerns of these foreign fighters infiltrating the Syrian refugees that are attempting to seek asylum in Europe. 

     5. American Muslims are more integrated. 

74% of Muslim Americans "endorsed the idea that most people can get ahead if they are willing to work hard." A 2007 Pew survey found that Muslims in America were only 2% more likely to be lower-income than other Americans, while in Europe the numbers were in the double-digits. The tolerance of America and the capitalist system gave the Muslims a better chance to make their fortune compared to Europe. The Muslim communities are also experiencing high unemployment. 



Europe is very backwards on the terrorist hunt and the protection of major locations. They should put their special forces like the SAS, GIGN, and the GSG9 to track and monitor suspected terrorist as well as escorting refugees to safety. They should also cooperate with the local police and the military police to maintain order. Europe is being careless and they should start working harder than ever to prevent things from spiraling out of control. This could be like a Romeo Juliet story where a SAS and GIGN operatives pared up to track down a major terrorist. The family conflict could be them arguing on how to do it while the love part is them working together and knowing a bit about each other. The deaths of the friends could be the bombings on their respective police HQ and a major shootout battle that killed the operatives friends and superiors. 







Justice Tam

Team: Green 6

Region: Latin America

Topic: Impeach Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff



4/7/16

Articule: http://www.cnn.com/2016/04/07/americas/brazil-rousseff-impeachment/index.html

CNN 





Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff is about to get impeached due to corruption and scandals. Rousseff, who has been in office since 2011, has proved deeply unpopular in her second term in office. There are many overlapping crises that point to why her approval ratings are hovering around 10%. There was a corruption investigation into a multimillion-dollar kickback scheme at the state-run oil company Petrobras  which has embroiled dozens of the country's leading businessmen and politicians. Rousseff was the chairwoman of Petrobras during many of the years that the alleged corruption took place. There were also accusations of Rouseff trying to hide a budget shortfall ahead of the 2014 elections. She appointed Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, her mentor and former president, as her chief of staff days after he was questioned by federal police in a corruption investigation. A judge blocked him from being sworn in; separate legal proceedings will decide the fate of the appointment. His appointment raised suspicion that Rousseff was attempting to shield him from prosecution, as senior political figures can only be tried in the Supreme Federal Court. Right now, Brazil is about to face a depression with its economy shrinking 3.5% this year; its hotbed of the Zika virus with 900 confirmed cases; the lack of interest in the Olympic Games is causing skepticism about having to host the games at all. 



Its sad to see such a fun nation experience a crisis but what is done is done. The Brazilian government must hurry up with the impeachment of President Dilma if they want to undo any damage she has done as well as fixing its economy. Brazil should also contain and eliminate the Zika virus. As for the Olympic Games, its best to cancel it completely due to current events. I see no connection for this to have Shakespeares plays. 





Justice Tam

Team: Green 6

Region: North America

Topic: New U.S. law for banks 



4/6/16

Articule: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/07/world/americas/us-plans-to-require-banks-to-identify-owners-of-shell-companies.html?ref=americas&_r=0

NY Times



The United States government is close to issuing a rule that will, for the first time,require banks and other financial institutions to find out the identities of people hidden behind shell companies. Its purpose is to close a major loophole in the American banking system that enables the sorts of secretive financial maneuvers that were thrust into the spotlight this week with the leak of millions of documents from a law firm in Panama. That firm, Mossack Fonseca, is one of the largest incorporators of shell companies in the world. The trove of leaked documents, analyzed by more than 100 news organizations worldwide, revealed offshore companies tied to 143 politicians, their families and close associates. The documents also showed scores of shell companies doing business with major international banks, including UBS, Credit Suisse and HSBC, that rely on access to the American banking system. Under federal regulations, banks with American branches in the United States are required to know their customers who open accounts in the United States. But those rules have been significantly weakened because banks have not been required to know the identities of customers who set up accounts in names of shell companies. So anyone can open up an account and the bank not knowing who did it. And since shell companies act a dormant bank, people can just leech money off of the bank and not get arrested. 



It seems the U.S. dodged the bullet there seeing how much potential this has on the economy. But what damage has been done remains to be seen and who knows how long this lasted before this new rule passed. It would be a matter of time before this will take full effect but its a start. This is to prevent greedy exploitation. I see no connection for a Shakespearean plot.