Nolan Eckroat

Group 13

Region: North America



Mississippi passes controversial 'religious freedom' bill

April 5th, 2016

BBC News

http://goo.gl/Gwh9ag



Mississippi recently passed a bill that allows businesses to legally not serve people whose lifestyles they disagree with. This includes allowing lawful discrimination of gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people, as well as allowing anyone to establish sex specific standards to any dressing room or restroom. Many people disagree with this law, saying its an attack on the citizens, but Governor Phil Bryant says all the bill does is protect sincerely held religious beliefs and moral convictions.



I understand where people are coming from when they created this law, but I still believe it violates the 1st amendment, which allows for everyone to have religious freedom. I believe the bill should be reversed, as this topic will cause much conflict between people and the government. I am not entirely sure how this one could relate to Shakespeare, but maybe there is legal tension in some of his plays.



Unwed couples in Florida can now legally live together

April 6th, 2016

BBC News

http://goo.gl/k2mHk3



As the title states, Florida has repealed a very old law, dating back to 1868, which states that unwed couples couldnt live together, (not enforced on gay couples) and If prosecuted, offenders faced 60 days in jail and a $500 fine. This law was rarely enforced at all in modern times, so it was pretty much useless, its just surprising how long the law had lasted. They decided to change it at this time because living arrangements have changed sense, and many elderly couples live together, who technically arent married.



I believe this was a good decision, I mean why have a law thats not enforced much even be there, theres no point. I believe the law, in the beginning, is kind of unethical anyways, so it is a good decision overall. I think this could relate to Shakespeare because there are many complicated relationships in his stories, and this could be a law enforced at that time.



Nuclear terrorist attack would 'change our world', says Obama

April 6th, 2016

BBC News

http://goo.gl/zUEYxL



Obama is concerned that an islamic extremist group might get ahold of nuclear weapons. He says if they were to get one it would be one of the greatest security issues ever. The article talks of peoples opinions on the topic, which many are very concerned about this issue. It also speaks of the nuclear weapons agreement with Iraq, and how it was slightly successful, and how other countries are looking when it comes to obtaining nuclear weapons. Obama states "There is no doubt that if these mad men ever got their hands on a nuclear bomb or nuclear material, they would certainly use it to kill as many people as possible."



I am not sure how this topic relates to Shakespeare and i will get back to this when i find out.