Regional News Articles





Each topic should be covered according to the following instructions:

Find a source that discusses a topic unique for you and your group that follows the 4x4 rule- written within 4 weeks, describing new events in the last 4 months.

In your google doc, begin by giving the your name, group, the region, your name for the topic, the article title, date the article was published, article source, and a hyperlink to the article.

Write a summary paragraph that discusses the topic giving a peer (or even an average 6th grader) a full understanding of the event and why they should care. Assume that your audience has not and will not read the source you used to write your article. You may need to do additional research to be able to fully explain the events and their significance.



 Write a second paragraph that discusses your personal beliefs about the events in the article. You should also consider assessing how you might incorporate the event into your remix of Shakespeare. 

 SAMPLE ARTICLE

Pro Tip: Find your articles by starting at a reputable news source such as ABC News, BBC News, CBS News, CNN, Fox News, The Guardian, LA Times, NBC News, NY Times, Reuters, Wall Street Journal, or the Washington Post. Then, navigate to their world section. Usually these sites will then allow you to narrow your search by region or country.







Significantly Impacted more than 100 people's lives

World cup-clean up 

Team winning event- wrong!

Donald trump changing mind on abortion changes lots of people's minds

9 sections

Source info

Explanation paragraph

Significance

My opinion

How it might connect of go into shakespearean play

No possible way to connect to shakespeare



http://www.cnn.com/2016/04/06/asia/north-korea-mid-range-nuclear-technology/index.html





















Article #1



TransCanada: 16,800 Gallons of Oil Leaked in South Dakota

http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/transcanada-16800-gallons-oil-leaked-south-dakota-38231973



Regional News Story 

Name: Darion Minnella-Warner

Team: Yellow 6

Region: North America

Topic: Oil leak (affected 100 people and more)

Date of article: Apr 7, 2016, 3:56 PM ET

Source: ABC News





In a field in south dakota there was an oil leak which shut down the keystone pipeline for investigation. TransCanada is said to have estimated 16800 gallons of oil leaked. The cause of this oil leak has either not be found out of announced. There are 100 workers at the site and specialists at the site. It has been affirmed that the leak is being controlled and that it did not leave any major impact on the environment and no threat to public safety.  This in particular pipeline runs from, Alberta, Canada, to refineries in Illinois and Cushing, Oklahoma, passing through the eastern Dakotas, Nebraska, Kansas and Missouri. The Keystone pipeline can handle about 23 million gallons daily. It is said by analysts that the shutdown will have a short time impact, in which less-heavy Canadian crude will be getting to the market. My opinion on this event is that it has effected a lot of people and has put a stop to many people's plans for the future and has prevented people from going on in their daily lives. This is a significant event because it has made 100 specialist come to the site it has also caused a stop to a major pipeline system. This event is also significant because because it has still affected the environment even though it may not have been a major effect. I do not know enough about the shakespeare's plays to make a connection also, I do not believe their is any connection between the two events.









































































Article #2

Kollam temple: Inquiry ordered into fireworks blast

http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-india-36011242



Regional News Story 

Name: Darion Minnella-Warner

Team: Yellow 6

Region: Asia

Topic: Explosion at hindu temple

Date of article: 4/10/16





At a Hindu temple in kerala there was a firework display as part of a local new year festival. Thousands had come to watch the display but it went terribly wrong. A spark ignited a stall of firecrackers which went of in an explosion. People up to 200 meters away got hurt, there were 100 people killed and 400 injured. It was said that it took hours for firemen to battle the blaze that followed and pull out anyone they could find alive said Yogita Limaye. The Indian Prime minister, Narendra Modi, visited the scene and talked to the injured people who were in shock and probably scarred for life. He also said, The incident is so grave that it is very hard to describe in words. There was also a power outage that hit the complex after the first explosion which only made the situation worse.  Many of the dead were beyond recognition and would not be identified until later test were done. It was said that the temple initially denied the display but was pressured into it. Police are going to take action against the temple and the people putting on the display. This event is significant because many died and were injured this also destroyed many building and is the cause of lots of grief. This display in my opinion was not supervised correctly and was not planned out correctly. I do not know enough about the shakespeare's plays to make a connection also, I do not believe their is any connection between the two events.

























































Article #3

Migrant crisis: Greece brands Macedonian reaction 'deplorable'

http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36009497



Regional News Story 

Name: Darion Minnella-Warner

Team: Yellow 6

Region: Europe

Topic: Migrant Crisis 

Date of article:4/10/16









Greece has condemned the action of Macedonian police to disperse hundreds of migrants at the border between the two countries. On the border of greece tear gas was used where, more than 11000 refugees and migrants camped out on the greece border. It was said that 300 injured were treated. Spokesman George Kyritsis said, The indiscriminate use of chemicals, rubber bullets and stun grenades against vulnerable populations... is a dangerous and deplorable act,".  Authorities had fired tear gas, rubber bullets and stun grenades at those trying to force their way in. It was also said that, Two hundred people were treated for respiratory problems caused by tear gas, mostly men but including women and some children under the age of five," this was told to the BBC by MSF spokesman Jonas Hagensen. More than 30 people were treated for rubber bullet wounds, and 10 people said they were beaten by the police! Some 30 people had been treated for shock and other injuries; seven had been sent to hospital with more serious wounds. In my opinion this is outrageous, people should not be treated like this unless they did something really bad. This article is important because of the mass amount of people it impacted and the harshness that needs to be fixed. I do not know enough about the shakespeare's plays to make a connection also, I do not believe their is any connection between the two events.

































 





http://www.cnn.com/world

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1thythWtiRRnDC1j3p0VqakywGgCcct7zW2liIl4Z7cQ/edit