Megan McAdams

Group 16 yellow



News Story 1



Region: Latin America

Topic: Panama Papers: Tax havens and the new politics



Article: http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35975893

Source: www.bbc.com



For years, thousands of women in India have been being divorced by the triple taliq. Taliq in Indian means divorce, and in India, if the husband says taliq three times to their wife, they are automatically divorced. This is a major issue, because the thousands of women being divorced can receive the triple taliq through text message, email, and more. Your husband could literally divorce you with three words and no papers. One Indian woman was divorced over text message, and she couldnt get in contact with her ex-husband again, and is worried sick about her children. Thanks to the triple taliq, she has no idea where her kids are, and cannot contact them. In many examples, poor married wives have been divorced, then left on the street with no money. Theyre often forced to live back with their parents. Also, Indian women follow a tradition where in order to be with your previous husband, you must remarry and then leave the new husband, which makes it even more of a problem.



India is the only country which follows these rules, which is understandable, seeing how many problems they have caused. In my opinion, they should rid of the triple taliq, because it is insane that you can divorce your wife through text message. I do not know enough information about Shakespeare to know how to incorporate it at this time.







News Story 2



Region: Asia

Topic: Both sides 'will respect' Yemen truce

Article: http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-36011794

Source: www.bbc.com



Yemen has been in war for a while, but called a cease fire. The enemy didnt respect the ceasefire, though, and caused many deaths. There have already been thousands of deaths in Yemen. A bit before the truce was gonna come into effect, 20 people were killed. Northern Shia Muslim rebels known as Houthis started taking over parts of Yemen, and forced the government into exile last year. They were accusing the government of corruption, and were planning to overtake it, but a ceasefire had been enacted for a while now, up until Sunday, where they started attack again. 



They had already called a ceasefire, so whyre they still attacking? Its messed up for the Houthis to keep killing people even when they agreed to stop fighting for a while. I do not know enough information about Shakespeare to know how to incorporate it at this time.







News Story 3



Region: Latin America

Topic: The detectives watching you from space



Article: http://www.bbc.com/future/story/20160404-the-detectives-who-spy-from-space 

Source: www.bbc.com 



A new detective agency has been trying out new ways to help out in court, but theyve taken it to the extreme. Theyre using satellite images to literally spy on people and send in pictures to the court about other's whereabouts. You can see a mailbox or a manhole cover from space now, says one of the people working on the project. A lot of people are excited about it, but others are scared because they will be watched. A lot of people also thought that itd be video footage, and theyre disappointed that theyre not going to be able to watch videos. 



Its a cool idea to be able to use that kind of technology, but they could use it for something better than spying on people. In my opinion, I dont think it should be used for crimes, but rather better images on maps. I also do not like the idea of being watched all the time, even if it is from a satellite. I do not know enough information about Shakespeare to know how to incorporate it at this time.