April 2, 2016 foxnews.com http://goo.gl/qtyA3h    Jasmen Baltazar Group 31, Latin America

 Argentine experts question report on missing Mexico students

On september 26, 2014, 43 students went missing from Iguala Mexico.  At the time their disappearances were associated with a shooting. The students were thought to have been kidnapped after police opened fire on a bus that they claimed had been hijacked by the youths. While the story stems back a good two years the families never received closure. Most assumed the students were dead. At that time a scientific team was called to examine some charred bodies discovered. It was agreed that they belonged to the students. Albeit recently controversy for the subject has come up. After looking deeper into it people have found that there is little to no proof that the people burned were all the missing students if any at all. The Argentine forensic Anthropology team was the one that discovered it. Later a lawyer exposed the fact that the government of Iguala had eyes on the students. Whether or not the students were found people who were affected by the disappearance of their loved ones are now also burdened with not knowing what the truth is.

If I were to be one of the students Id be angry my side of the story wasnt ever heard but covered up with a body and story that didnt belong to me. If I were a parent Id be terrified to have been in relationship with such a corrupt government for even a little. A common theme between this story and that work of shakespeare is betrayal and drama between two forces.



April, 8 , 2016 foxnews.com http://goo.gl/hOorOg Jasmen Baltazar Group 31, Latin America

Fidel Castro, 89, makes rare public appearance in cuba

Fidel Castro was a communist leader in cuba for five decades. While his regime in cuba was successful cuba and the united states do not share the best relationship. He left the power in 2008 and handed it over to his brother, Raul. His last appearance recorded was in July 2015.  He happened to be dressed in very casual clothing and he spoke to children about his brothers wife. While nobody died this story could raise concern from the fact that its so rare to see him. People may begin to grow paranoid.

I personally believe that the story isn't complete. Its strange that the man choses such estranged topics and specific audiences. Id want to know why they focused on what he was wearing. Id also like to know where the information came from if we have little to no contact with cuba. This story would be very difficult to put in any story since it is not dramatic nor funny.



April, 8 , 2016 foxnews.com http://goo.gl/5bLYM9 Jasmen Baltazar Group 31, Latin America

Brazilian police probe whether water utility treats sewage

Rio De Janeiros water utility might be committing crimes by  failing to completely filter the water from the source. So far six treatment plants have been investigated. Police operation took place on the same day Rio Mayor Eduardo Paes introduced the improved marina on the Guanabara Bay that is to be the starting point of the Olympic sailing competition. Not only could this new discovery mess with people that depend on the water but it could also ruin the olympics with disease. Since its important enough to become a police case many would be surprised that such an environmentalist cas has reached their ears. It could worry people just to know that its serious enough to get involved.

I believe the story itself is pretty lame. I cant see a good movie coming from that much of an issue unless it is turned against the authorities and the purpose is suddenly lost. Because of this I cant see a fun adaptation coming from such a plot.