Article 1

Name: Neel Pai

Team: 23
Region: Latin America
Topic: Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff due to corruption



Article: Impeach Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, committee says

Author: Madison Park



The Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, was uncovered as part of a corruption case. The people of brazil are angry with her due to this along with her for not doing much during her presidency as there are many crises and want her to get kicked out.



With the corruption scandal, there is a state run oil company, Petrobras, whos part of this multimillion-dollar kickback scheme, a kickback scheme is a form of negotiated bribery in which a commission is paid to the bribe-taker in exchange for the bribe-taker helping out the person bribing them. In the scandal there are many businessmen along with politicians deeply involved into this. The President Rousseff was the chairwoman of the Petrobras during the alleged corruption. Along with that, Brazil is going through many crises, where she hasnt done much to help such as the Zika Virus. What she has done is hide budget shortfalls, include people in her cabinet who are being investigated, and with the budget shortfall there have been questions as to if the Olympic facilities will be built in time.





I believe that there should be a criminal investigation, but I cant make much of a stance. I dont know the depth of the investigation. If what she did is true, there needs to be a major investigation of her as well as the other politicians that she is connected to so they can be investigated and potentially impeached if they are convicted of corruption. While I dont know much about Shakespeare, I feel that this relates to Macbeth as there are people trying to get power through wrong ways.

























Article 2

Name: Neel Pai

Team: 23
Region: North America
Topic: States banning official transport to Mississippi due to anti-gay law



Article: Several States Ban Official Travel To Mississippi Over Anti-Gay Law

Author: Willa Frej



The state of Mississippi has passed a law that discriminates towards the LGBT community. In response to this the states of Vermont, Washington, and New York governors all banned official state-funded or sponsored travel to Mississippi on Tuesday. This means that all travel of state officials and any people i.e. mayors, teachers, students who are doing business there are now not allowed to go there if it is through the government. The law that the states are objecting to is a new Mississippi law that allows people with religious objections to deny wedding services to same-sex couples and permits employers to use religious beliefs as justification in determining workplace policies, such as dress code, grooming and bathroom and locker access. The Governors of both NY and WA have released official statement to why they are against this law.  



From my ethical viewpoint this law shouldnt have passed in the first place as it discriminates against a group of people, while our nation was founded on the basis of equality. The law permits the discrimination of groups of people based on their sexual orientation, and this I feel shouldnt be happening as it doesnt represent the belief of the state along with it not representing the time period we are in. As i dont know much shakespeare i cant make a judgement towards what play it relates to.

































 Article 3

Name: Neel Pai

Team: 23
Region: Asia
Topic: North Korea may have mid- ranged nukes



Article: South Korea: North Korea may have mid-range nuclear capability

Author: Paula Hancocks





South Korea believes that North Korea may have the ability to mount a nuclear warhead onto a medium-range missile. A government official said it appears North Korea has succeeded in miniaturizing a warhead enough to be mounted onto a Rodong missile, medium range ballistic missile developed by North Korea. The ballistic missile can deliver a one ton  warhead a distance of 2,000 km (1243 miles), putting U.S. military bases in South Korea and Japan within range. While the South Korean government believes they have the ability to mount a nuclear warhead on a Rodong. Whether they will fire it like that is a political decision. While they havent demonstrated the missile, they've said they have that capability and we have to take them at their word.



I believe that to protect our and other countries national security the U.S. and a coalition of other countries needs to have stronger surveillance on North Korea and strengthen our Military bases in the area and the DMZ, the border of North and South Korea. As of right now I dont know much of shakespeare so i cant make a judgement on which play(s) it relates to.