Adirenna Pabalan

Team 12

Region: FSR 

Putin is no master of strategy 

April 10,2016

Source:The Telegraph

Vladimir Putin ,thought to be a strategic genius, finds that his plans to attack Syria backfire. Putin was completed to deploy his forces to save a feckless ally. To make matters worse Russia has invested so much on saving  Bashar al-Assad that Putin risk being manipulated by the trickster in Damascus. A new alliance,last summer, captured almost all of Idlib province and directly threatened Assads heartland.    

If Russia wasnt so power hungry Putins strategies wouldnt be questioned around Russas people. Using shakespeare's stories in this situation using the lost of power and all the tragedies that have happened would create a very emotional piece that could slightly be compared to another move. Depending on how it is directed.    



































































Adrienna Pabalan

Team 12

Region: FSR

A New World War? Russia and America Look For a Way to Cool Down Syria  

February 15,2016 

The Fiscal Times



The Syrian crisis has grown too large to be ignored and has grown too real for the world. People can no longer think about Syria separately from Ukraine from the familiar buildup of military forces on either side of Russias borders with Europe. The new imperative falls to Washington and Moscow. Both must transcend worsening tension between them in the interest of addressing a security environment whose perils now supersede narrow strategic ambitions.    

Wondering what would happen is Putin didnt have a role in Russias military actions would change most of the news significantly. If this was turned into Shakespearean play two poems of his would have to combine to relate to something that represents something of his.  

































































Adrienna Pabalan 

Team 12

Region

Don't Fear The Russians 

March 17,2016

The New York Times



Vladimir V. Putin is showed to be a hero. Saving his client,  intervened the the Syrian War, and annexed conflict in Ukraine. Russia is withdrawing its troops  from Syria and finding a way to stop them in a different way. Air support and help from the U.S would be a way to stop more conflict in Syria

If Russia didnt get into so many war before the Syrian War the re would be no reason the fear the Russians.  In a Shakespearian play a tragedy would turn into kind end to a story.