Jared Lenick

Group: 3

Region: Latin America

Topic: China challenges the Panama Canal



Article:http://money.cnn.com/2016/02/16/news/economy/china-latin-america-projects-fail/

Date: 2011 & 2016

Source: CNN





China offered $65 billion to Latin America, it biggest bet yet. Many see the move as a way to gain more power to disrupt the U.S. influence in the region. A plan was devised by the Chinese  to construct a railroad stretching 3,300 miles from Brazil's Atlantic coast to Peru's Pacific Coast, a whopping 3,300 miles or the distance between Miami and Seattle. Thats more than a  of a million tons of metal, that had to laid through thick jungle and high mountains. Although the Chinese thought it was going to be a fast process Latin America moves much slower.China had "quite advanced" plans in 2011 for a railway connecting Colombia's Pacific and Atlantic coasts.Five years later, no such railway exists. It isn't even under construction, and no one knows why.

Im not familiar on Mexicos economy but if china successfully pulled the railroad off the wouldnt have to pay Mexican taxes to cross the Panama Canal making mexico poorer (just saying IDK whats going on in mexico, im not saying all mexicans are poor). I dont know much about Shakespeare.





Region: Latin America

Topic: Chile Opens Latin America's Largest Medical Marijuana Farm





Article: http://www.nbcnews.com/news/latino/chile-opens-latin-america-s-largest-medical-marijuana-farm-n500301

Date: JAN 20 2016, 10:06 AM ET

Source: NBC





Chile started the largest Medical Marijuana Farm in Latin America giving a pass of the usage of this formerly illegal plant. They gorw the plant in the small town of Colbun (a town near the center of Chile), where it wil help treat some 4,000 patients from across Chile according to organizers. Project organizers hope to harvest 1.65 tons of the plant between March and May, while being overlooked from government. In 2013, Uruguay moved to fully legalize marijuana -- a big step that has been watched closely across the globe.

Medical Marijuana can help several cases like - Cancer Treatment, Parkinson's Disease, Alzheimer's Disease, and others. But there are some downside to Medical Marijuana too, it can be abused like every drug. I dont know much about Shakespeare.







Region: Latin America

Topic: The Pope Reternes





Article: http://www.cbsnews.com/pictures/pope-preaches-to-faithful-in-latin-america/

Date: July 8, 2015

Source: CBS





Pope Francis traveled to Latin America on a national tour, bringing him to Ecuador, Bolivia and Paraguay (3 Countries in South America).This is the second trip since his election for being the Pope. The Pope is a bishop (no not the one in chess) of Rome, or the head of Roman Catholic Church. The Pope was welcomed with open arms and everyone wanting to catch a glimpse of him.

The Pope brings everyone in together.I dont know much about Shakespeare.