Name: Yahya Khan

Team: Kate/Yellow 26

Region: Europe

Topic: Hundreds injured in Greece-Macedonia border.



Article: Hundreds hurt in police clashes at Greece-Macedonia border

Date: 4/10/16

Source: The Guardian



After Macedonian police used stun grenades, tear gas, and plastic bullets to drive people back from the border fence of Greece-Macedonia, over 300 migrants were treated for injuries. You may ask, Why would they do such a horrible act? Well the reason is, the Macedonians believe that the migrants to be dangerous people. At this point in time, there are about more than 10,000 migrants and refugees stranded at the Greek border since February after a bunch of borders were shut down, including their exit route to central and western Europe. Although Macedonian authorities would only confirm that they had used teargas, Greece had a different say on that. They said police on the Macedonian side of the frontier had used teargas, rubber bullets and stun grenades to push back the migrants.



I believe that what the Macedonian police are doing is unacceptable and inhumane. Its just crazy and all out ignorant, you cant just harass people because they were locked in the border. I think this can kind of relate to shakespeare's play Macbeth because of the horrible things being put upon the migrants. Even though it didnt exactly happen like that in Macbeth, I think thats an alright way to incorporate this article with a shakespearian play.





---------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Name: Yahya Khan

Team: Kate/Yellow 26

Region: Asia

Topic: India temple fire: 106 killed in fireworks disaster; criminal case opened



Article: http://www.cnn.com/2016/04/10/asia/india-temple-fire/index.html

Date: 04/10/16

Source: CNN



At a Hindu temple in south India, a massive fire broke out during a fireworks display killing more than 100 people and injuring at least 200 others. Now why would a criminal case be opened? you may ask, well let me tell you, officials say that the fireworks show was unauthorized, and the sparks from one of them ignited a separate batch of fireworks that were being stored in a temple, which of course caught on fire. There were thousands of people inside the temple, obviously because of the fire the mass amount of injuries and deaths happened that Sunday night.



I think that what happened was really crazy and there should be a much better place to store flammable things, especially fireworks. I think they should make a special room under the temple made of concrete or something that wont easily catch fire. I dont think this would really fit into my shakespearean play, King Lear, but I think it would fit into Macbeth because it was unauthorized so it could have been a mass killing on purpose, like what happens in Macbeth.



---------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Name: Yahya Khan

Team: Kate/Yellow 26

Region: Sub Saharan Africa

Topic: Yellow Fever Moves to Congo



Article: http://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/yellow-fever-moves-congo-n554641

Date: 04/12/16

Source: NBC News



Yellow Fever is a deadly virus carried by mosquitos in the Sub Saharan Africa region. On April 12, 2016, it was reported that Yellow Fever has moved to Congo killing 21 people, some say it might be related to the past outbreak of Yellow Fever in the neighboring country Angola. It has also been reported that about 151 people have already been affected by the virus. It has been detected that a place ,near the border of Congo-Angola, has been affected by the virus causing 225 deaths and 562 cases of people with the virus. 



What I think, and other may thing, is that the mosquitos were imported by Angola to Congo, but it may be really unlikely to be so. If it were to be so, I think that would also fit into Shakespeare's play Macbeth (just like all the others) because importing a deadly virus into a different country or place is murder, and there is a lot of killing that take place in Macbeth. I dont think it would fit into King Lear because I dont really know much of the play itself.