Hunter Hughes, Group 11, North America, Star Wars Trailer  The Rogue One



Star wars lovers all over will love this new trailer to get our hopes up for the sequel of the more recent star wars movie. It has nothing to do with the plot line of the original movie series but that theory is not for sure, based on the trailer people are assuming it's just a movie to entertain us while the real big movie is being made. It's about the rebellion recruiting a criminal to help them steal plans for a new death star. 



Honestly i think that making this movie was a waste of money because according to the trailer it has nothing to do with the original story line. I think they should stick to the story line and not have a whole completely different movie that will confuse people. This is kinda like romeo and juliet and how the two families don't like each other, its the same with the empire and the republic.



American afghan soldiers are joining taliban



About 3 miles outside the southern city of Lashkar Gah, Afghan soldiers can see a white flag. It's not one of surrender -- quite the opposite.The flag belongs to the Taliban, and shows exactly how close the militant group is to the capital of Helmand province.Despite Afghan government assurances that the army can hold and retake ground, the strategic province that hundreds of NATO troops -- who have been in the country for the last 15 years -- died fighting for is closer than ever to falling to the Taliban.

This story is disappointing and i'm sure everybody could go without reading this story. Our troops joined a taliban not only that. I don't really see how this could relate to a shakespearean movie, but it could kinda be like macbeth with all the killing.





Paris attacks suspect arrested

Two bombers died at the airport. A third man wearing a hat is seen on video walking with them. Authorities said he fled.Investigators also are trying to determine whether a man arrested in a separate operation Friday was part of the second attack -- at a Brussels metro station -- an hour later. Osama Krayem -- also known as Naim al Hamed -- might be the second person "present at the time of the attack at the Maelbeek subway station," Belgian federal prosecutor's spokesman Eric Van der Sypt said.Authorities have said Khalid El Bakraoui carried out the metro attack and Van der Sypt said that another person was seen with El Bakraoui before the subway blast.



I believe that the man was and wasn't part of the killings. Why would a man be walking with two people, he obviously knows them, but why would his friends blow themselves up to kill people, but he didn't blow up instead he just fled the scene, my two theories are he knew them but he didn't know what was going on, or he did know them and he thought he was gonna die from the other two explosions. I dont think this can be related to shakespeare.