Name: Vibha Aiyagari

Team: 2

Region: Asia



Article: In Pakistan, Taliban's Easter bombing targets, kills scores of Christians

Source: CNN

Date: March 28, 2016

On Easter Sunday, Christian Pakistanis were enjoying their peaceful Easter at amusement parks in Islamabad, Pakistan, when all of a sudden there was a huge blast, without warning. It was a tack by the Pakistani Taliban as a warning to all of the Christians because Pakistan is majority Muslim. In Lahore, Pakistan, at least 69 people were killed and over 341 people were injured, mostly women and children. The Pakistan Prime Minister highly disapproves of these attacks, and many other nations, including the United States, India, and Australia, shared their grief about the attacks. This is highly disturbing, because many people died for a few feeling as if their religion is more important than others. This hasnt been the first attack and will not be the last, according to a spokesman of the Taliban.

I believe that an event like this should never be repeated, although I know it will be because people cant except religion equality and they believe that their religion is greater than all others. This story reminds me of Macbeth, because in that story, Macbeth killed many for power and I believe the end plan of these terrorists are to have power over Pakistan, or at least the religious views of Pakistan.



Article: Five charged in Taiwan building collapse that killed 115

Source: Fox News

Date: April 7, 2016

In February, in Tainan, Taiwan, a 17-story building collapsed during a 6.4-magnitude earthquake hit, killing 115 people. The buildings developer, three employes of his Weiguan construction company, and an outside consultant were charged for the deaths and injuries of all involved with the buildings collapse because when they expanded the building, they used low  tensile strength reinforcing bars, which supported only a little more than half the force needed, which meant the building is weak. In other places of Tainan, only two people died, which helps show how much of an impact this buildings collapse made. It is really upsetting that so many people died or were seriously injured out of others laziness.

It upsets me to see so many people dieing just because five people were too lazy to do there job correctly. It really helps put your impact into perspective. I do not see how this article can connect to any of the Shakespeare plays.



Article: North Korea Fires Short-Range Missile Into Sea Amid U.S. Drills

Source: NBC

Date: April 1, 2016

North Korea fired a short range missile into the sea saying that it is a response to the U.S. training drills with South Korea, which is supposedly an invasion rehearsal. The U.S. responded immediately and made contact with Japan, South Korea, and China. China agrees with the United States that North Korea should give up their nuclear weapons. North Korea also recently launched a short range projectile that landed in the northeast of that country, repeatedly threatened Seoul and Washington with test nuclear strikes, and South Korea said they messed up their GPSs. Once North Korea has perfected nuclear missiles, they will become truly terrifying threats to the entire world, because now we have threats that cant be true, but what about when they can have nuclear strikes?

It should worry everyone to know that they could soon be endangered if their government says the wrong thing that then messes with the mad men ruling North Korea. I dont see how this article relates to Shakespeare's plays.