Samantha soltani

Group 13

North America

http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-36020165

BBC news

4/12/16

Zika virus is more crazy and spreading faster than they thought. It spread from Brazil and now it is in the US. It has caused over 1000 birth defects. The virus spreads through mosquitoes. Obama is asking for 1.9 billion dollars for vaccines and to fight the mosquitoes. The disease has been found to cause problems in adults in addition to birth defects. 

   

    this is extremely important because it is informing people about their safety and reminding people to take caution. This article is warning us about the damages the virus causes to keep us extra cautious of our bodies to keep us healthy and running.





Europe

http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36018395

BBC news

4/11/16

      Camps in idomeni are holding over 11,000 people waiting to escape a miserable camp. when people heard that the border was opening,  they rushed over to the border, but as soon as they got there, smoke grenades were thrown and people were being hit by rubber bullets. The border police came in and blocked the gates and kept people from escaping and rioting. The next day a group of men came rioting against the police and threw rocks at them. When they got bored of the police not moving they went to the other side on a fence protesting to open the gates. But since they are still hostage in the camp, they decided to not move or go anywhere else until the border opens.



    This is informing people about how bad people are being treated in other countries. This article will hopefully motivate people to make a stand and protect other people's rights. This also shows the true colors of the country and have people turn against them.



North america

BBC news

4/12/16

http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-36000356

          Transgenders till this day are struggling with being considered and recognized as an equal human being. North Carolina had decided to make a stand by passing a law that makes sure that transgender residents could use restrooms of the gender theyre identified with.  But later on the North Carolina government took away that right and passed a bill that got rid of their protections.  A mans transgender daughter was even being forced to use the staff bathroom after a man told his grandson to use the girls restroom as protest. After suing school for violating  

the states human rights, The daughters family had to leave the town and quit their jobs to hide all because she was different in a unique way.



  I believe that transgenders are equal and just as different as anyone else. Transgenders should feel comfortable in their own skin and live how they want to live. No one should be criticized for who they are or feel unimportant.