Dylan Darveaux

Team #7



#

Region

Name

Article

Date

Source

Link

1.

North America

Ted Cruz is Being Used

Trump campaign to Cruz: GOP establishment is using you

04/06/16

Fox News

Here

2.

Latin America

Putins Panama Papers

Putin and the Panama Papers: Why power means more than money

04/06/16

CNN

Here

3.

FSR

Russias National Guard

Putin creates new National Guard in Russia 'to fight terrorism'

04/06/16

BBC News

Here





Summary 1: Ted Cruz is Being Used

After Donald Trump had a tough loss in Wisconsin to Ted Cruz, Trump revealed that the GOP establishment is only using him. The GOP establishment is only using Cruz to get to an open convention, and has no intention to support Cruz at the convention. Ted Cruz, however, has rejected talk of the establishment replacing him with another candidate. Cruz believes voters would revolt if he even was replaced. The voters should care about this issue because it can give some insight to the future of the campaign and the candidates they will be voting for.

I believe the information Trump has said may be false. Trump had a tough loss, and because of this he could of said somethings that might not be true. Either in an attempt to stir up some conflict, or in an attempt to make Cruz uncertain and not be as confident from his victory in Wisconsin.

I dont think this story would relate very well to any of Shakespeares plays, however.



Summary 2: Putins Panama Papers

Russian President Vladimir Putin has been accused of having associates who have hidden wealth in secret offshore companies. The ICIJ revelations, or the Panama Papers, have discredited Russias autocratic leader. The documents also implicate twelve current and former world leaders, and since the documents have been released the Prime Minister of Iceland has stepped down. The Panama Papers were originally obtained by International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, and made public by their media partners. You should care because these papers incriminate many world leaders.

I believe that Putin has known and been withholding information about the Panama Papers and other hidden wealths. Although the documents havent been able to have been verified, the Prime Minister of Iceland stepping down almost confirms the validity of the papers. I dont believe this story will tie in with any of Shakespeares plays.



Summary 3: Russias National Guard

Vladimir Putin creates a new national guard to fight terrorism, or so we are told. Putin says the force could be used to maintain public order, but are not linked to the elections this september. Even though a new national guard has been talked about for years, Putin could not explain why he choose now to create the force. The country is very anxious about the new law enforcement group, but officials say the change was a necessary precaution. You should be concerned with this because Russia is not a U.S. enemy, but theyre not an ally either. Although the countries work together on international issues, the U.S. doesnt want to ruin the relationship we have established with Russia.

I believe that the new force was created now because of the issue with the Panama Papers. This act that might have been done later in Putins career could have been done now due to his position being at risk. As for how well the force will work, we will have to see that in the future. I dont believe this story will relate well with any of Shakespeares plays too well.