Jack Gutschenritter 

Yellow 24





Executions 

SWANA

Amnesty report: Executions at their highest level in 25 years

4/6/16

Written by: Jullet Perry at CNN



This article told us all about the large amount of executions that happened in 2015. The most executions happened in Iran, Saudi Arabia, and Pakistan and it said that the number of executions was over 50% more than in 2014. Even though there were massive amounts of executions the majority of countries have now made the death penalty illegal.



I personally believe the increase in executions is a good thing because it is a direct result of the increase of terrorist attacks, punishing these savages more severely for their extreme crimes. This article can relate to many of shakespeare's tragedy pieces because in many of his stories large amounts of people are executed for a large range of reasons. Examples can be found in stories such as Macbeth, Julius Caesar, and Hamlet. While the styles of execution vary largely, the large death rate does not.





Cleaning Pollution

Latin America

Formula E: Mexico City tackles pollution with blue-sky thinking

4/7/16

Written by: Nicki Shields and Matthew Knight at CNN



This article tells us about how the world's most polluted city is now taking steps to clean the air and make the future for the city better.The city is implementing systems such as paving more bike paths to encourage riding bikes instead of using cars to go everywhere and have also bought more efficient busses for a more eco friendly public transportation system. The city has also installed air monitors to keep track of the pollution. Mexico City's goal is to reduce pollution by 30% by 2020.



This is relevant because Mexico has been the most polluted city in the world for over 20 years, with the new advancements in their attempt to be eco friendly the world is moving forward to a more green, stable environment for its 7 billion human inhabitants. These changes will provide a cleaner environment for the 8.85 million people currently living in Mexico's capital, as well as help reduce global warming by getting rid of the excess amount of c02 trapped between the ozone layer and earth. I cannot find a shakespeare piece this relates to.



Failing Olympic Ticket Sales

4/12/16

Tickets to the 2016 Olympics aren't selling, and Brazil is scrambling to boost demand

Written by Jackie Wattles at CNN





This article is about how the 2016 Rio De Janeiro Olympics tickets aren't selling. The writers believe it is because of terrorism concerns and crime issues in the area that are very real concerns. Also, there are large concerns if the stadium will even be finished because the budget was reduced by $500 million dollars in January this year. On top of everything, there is a disease called Zika- virus that will put athletes and visitors at risk.



This is concerning to me because the olympics are a tradition in which the entire world unites for one purpose, enjoyment and comparison of sports. This Tradition has been around for hundreds of years and it would be sad to see the tradition be lost because of poor position placement. I cannot find how this relates to shakespeare.