Emilio Loeza Group 4, Europe News

http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35975840

http://www.euronews.com/2016/04/10/heavy-rainfall-in-romania-set-to-continue-until-monday-evening/



 Putin creates new National Guard in Russia 'to fight terrorism'

Basically the president wants to make a new type of military that is against terrorism. The army will be led by mr.putins body guard Viktor Zolotov and he will report everything to the president if anything goes wrong. Communist Vladimir Rodin is against this plan because he thinks that it is a dangerous path and that they should not do it. But Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov, is in favour of this plan, he said that his new force will enhance units operational capability. 

We should care because terrorism is happening everywhere around the world and its killing innocent people. And if it continues then people around the world will no longer feel safe and they will go crazy, and something terrible can go wrong like another world war. Examples are belgium, france, and turkey, they all have suffered terrible terrorist attacks and lots of people got wounded and some died. I really don't see how this connects to shakespeare time. 

Heavy rainfall in romania said to continue until monday evening

Everyone knows what a rainfall is, but in romania it is flooding everywhere and it is destroying houses and buildings. About 200 houses were destroyed because of this flood, the water level exceeded 50 centimeters in many places in romania. We were taken by surprise, water poured inside our house, said one woman. We were not able to save anything. It is a disaster. Our livestock  the pigs, the hens were killed, said a person living in romania. 

We should care about this because lots of families are now living in the streets and some don't even know where their families are. If we donate money and have the pleasure to go and help them, then we can bring back everything that got destroyed in romania and help lots of families that are in danger. I believe that this is a huge problem to romanian people because all their belongings are now all the way in the bottom of the ocean. If i were living in romania the first thing i would care about is my family. I don't think shakespeare is related to floods.  

3. Refugees escape war, but face new threat in Europe - germs

We all know who refugees are and now that they have escaped the deadly war, they have another big enemy. Diseases. Refugees that have escaped the war are now in danger again, deadly diseases are the next big problem for them. And thats not even the big problem for them, they have even bigger problems, food and water are major keys in their survival and if they dont have it then they are screwed. 

I beleive that we should 100 % care about this because if we dont then inoccent poeple are dying in the worst way possible. If we dont act right away then hundreds of inoccent refugees are dying, and that is something that the world dont want to hear. I beleive this has nothing to deal with shakespere.