Regional News Story 1

Name:Matthew Pacapac

Team: Yellow 21

Region: FSR

Topic: Putins reaction to Panama Papers



Article: Putin says Panama Papers part of US plan to weaken Russia.

Date: 4/7/2016

Source: Fox News



The Panama papers are documents that list off names of people that hold an offshore financial centers, which primarily exist to avoid taxes and company disclosure, which is a heavy violation of the law. These documents provide information about more than 200,000 offshore accounts, created from 1970 to 2015. The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, is connected to more at much as $2 billion in offshore deals by a network of people connected to him. Following the strong implications of President Vladimir Putin being involved with the many offshore accounts leaked on the Panama papers, Putin responds by denying relation to any offshore accounts, and then defending a cellist friend,Sergei Roldugin that was directly named in the papers, unlike Putin, and was one of the connections to Putin in the documents. Putin defended Sergei strongly, stating that he used his own money to spread the music culture of Russia to the rest of the world. He also claims that the United States has violated an agreement about weapons grade plutonium. 

This is significant in that it raises the tensions between the United States and Russia, bringing us closer and closer to another conflict. However, as I dont have enough information, I cannot make any connection to Shakespeares works.





Regional News Story 2

Name:Matthew Pacapac

Team: Yellow 21

Region: South Asia

Topic: Explosion at Kollam (Hindu) Temple



Article: Kollam temple: Inquiry ordered into fireworks blast

Date: 4/10/2016

Source: BBC



Following an apparent fireworks accident at a Kollam temple, 100 people were killed and 400 were injured from the ensuing explosion, collapsing one of the buildings. There was also a power outage shortly after the first explosion, which further complicated relief efforts. The fireworks were launched despite being previously denied due to safety due to pressure from the crowd. Indian authorities have ordered a judicial inquiry into the incident, and they will be working alongside the police in investigating the incident. 

The significance comes from the ridiculous amount of victims involved, 500 in total, not counting the family members of the victims. The significance is further proven with the Indian authorities interfering. As we have yet to discuss the 3 stories that we may choose, I am unable to make a connection with this story. 











Regional News Story 3

Name:Matthew Pacapac

Team: Yellow 21

Region: SWANA

Topic: Clashes between Shiite Houthi rebels and the internationally recognized government,



Article: Yemen clashes rage hours before scheduled cease-fire

Date: 4/8/2016

Source: Fox News



In Yemen, hours before a scheduled ceasefire in Yemen between rebels and the current government. In a quick gist of the conflict, the fight is between those still loyal to the beleaguered president, Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi, who was captured by the rebels. As previously mentioned, the ceasefire scheduled at 11:59 P.M. on Sunday, in other words, today. The coalition against these rebels have stated that they will commit to a cease fire as long as the rebels abide by a U.N. Security Council resolution that calls for them to withdraw from cities, including the capital, Sanaa, and hand over their weapons.

This conflict involves the entirety of the country of Yemen, which proves its significance, deciding the government, and effectively, the future of relations with Yemen and other countries. As I still have yet to learn anything about the stories of Shakespeare, I cannot make a connection.