ARTICLE #1:
Name:Julie Juarez
Group:33
Region:Latin America
My Article Name: The Missing 43
Article Title: Outside experts break with a Mexican prosecutors on missing 43
Date Article was published:April 6,2016 
Article Source:Fox News 
Article Link: http://goo.gl/lTPbwT 
       Summary: 
In 2014, 43 students that attended Escuela Normal de Ayotzinapa (Normal School Of Ayotzinapa translated) had disappeared after protesting. Investigations say they were all followed by police and drug gang after the protest and since then they have been missing. They have found skulls that match some victims and are still in processes of finding the rest of the students. Investigators have recently found a fire that involved 17 students. This cause for experts from the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights rejected on helping them with this investigation.
       Summary2:
I believe that the police are not digging deep in this situation because they only go to a place where something appears and stay there investigating until something pops up. The years keep passing by and little has been done. Families are the main people being affected over this and that makes other people afraid not being able to speak for themselves. 


India temple fire: At least 98 people killed



ARTICLE #2:
Region: Asia 
My Article Name:Should fireworks be illegal?
Article Title:India Templet Fire:At least 75 killed
Date Article was published: April 9,2016 
Article Source:CNN
Article Link:http://goo.gl/4qscRj
        Summary:
A fire caused death for 75 people and injure for more than 200 people. In the afternoon of passes\d sunday, fireworks were lighten up during a theater play and went into a major disaster and started an uncontrollable fire. People now question if the safety of fire is being considered and if  who was responsible for the proper installment. 
         Summary2:
I feel like it was a mistake because it was a play and not in the middle of a grocery store when it isn't convenient for fireworks to be and it might have just not been properly taken care of. It does seem extremely more damageable when death and injuries are involved.

ARTICLE #3:
Region:
My Article Name:
Article Title:Reports: Panama firm usurped name of Red Cross to hide money
Date Article was published:April 10,2016 
Article Source:Fox News
Article Link: http://goo.gl/CEYsxD
         Summary:
People are debating about this report weather the religion from part of Red Cross or the politics are making the mistakes. International Committee of the Red Cross are shocked after realizing the center of Panama have been hiding money from taxes. Viewers believe this involves Hillary Clinton because of her recent action towards the politics.
Summary2: 
I believe that this affect the whole company of Red Cross because it makes them look bad and brings the company down. I feel like we can incorporates this with the shakespeare by the way the people react and talk about this situation and how it can an example for one of the plays.