Name: Sophie Tiede

Team: 1 (green)

Region: Europe 



Topic: Deportation in Greece 

Article: Migrant crisis: Greece starts deportations to Turkey

Date: 4/4/2016

Source: BBC (http://goo.gl/iLErVt) 



Over 100,000 people fled out of Lesbos and Chios into Greece and overflowed the country. They left behind their family and friends so they may have a better life. Now they are slowly being deported so that the country isnt overflowed with people. The EU has a plan that will help ease the mass migration in Greece. Under a deal a migrant is returned to Turkey, the EU is going to take in another who has made a legitimate request. The Greek said that 130 of the returned migrants were from Pakistan; 42 migrants from Afghanistan; and from Iran, Sri Lanka, Morocco, and some other countries. A lot of people have been protesting against Deportations.  There was a total of 152,461 migrant arrivals to Greece in 2016, and 366 didnt make it to Greece from Turkey. 



The EU doesnt want one country to have too many people in it. If there are too many people in one country that they country will fail because there wont be a functional economy. The EU can prevent this from happening to Greece by deporting the migrants somewhere else. I dont know enough about Shakespeare to compare it to anything.    





Topic: Bombing in brussels

Article: Brussels attacks: New video of airport bombing suspect

Date: 4/7/2016

Source: BBC (http://goo.gl/A1IsHF) 



Belgian prosecutors have released footage they deam evidence for the Brussels airport attacks. On March 22 there were terrorist attacks in two places in Brussels, Belgium. There was 34 dead and over 200 people injured in these attacks at the airport and the central metro station. There is a security video that shows the man they believe to be one of the terrorists walking away from the scene of the crime. The man was wearing a hat and a light colored jacket. They lost his trail in the brussels city center not far from the metro station. The prosecutors said that he had discarded the jacket and reported that it had been found. The prosecutors believe that there were three men involved with the airport and two involved with the metro station, and that they were from a group called Islamic State (IS for short). The newly released footage shows the man with the hat briefly running amongst passengers as they try to escape the scene at the airport before walking some 10 km over a two-hour period. 



 The Belgian prosecutors are doing all they can to solve the crime and bring the men involved to justice. They have worked hard and have analyzed lots of footage so that they could figure out where he went. They didnt get very clear images of his face because he was wearing a hat the whole time but they tracked him for 2 hours. I have not learned enough about Shakespeare to compare this to anything.   



Topic: Unaccompanied kids in France

Article: French action urged over Calais asylum-seeker children

Date: 4/9/2016

Source: BBC (http://goo.gl/bcyx3W) 



There are lone children in the Calaiss refugee camp that have relatives the the UK. The England childrens commissioner has asked Frances government to help the kids reach their relatives. There are about 150 children who are eligible to travel to the UK. There is also a claim that the french were not protecting lone children at the camp. A French Embassy official said that his country had done a great deal to protect the lone childrens welfare. Children as young as 10 have fled fighting in Syria and elsewhere; the UK wants these kids to have a good life and not have to worry about where they are going to sleep. Some of the kids are sleeping in cardboard shacks and they arent protected by the weather. At least 129 of the kid living in these camps have gone missing and the UK doesnt think they are trying hard enough to find the missing children.  



The UK want to ensure the safety of the children that are living in these camps. Charity workers are sure that most of the kids are eligible to move to the UK because they have siblings or parents that can take care of they better than the refugee camps can. At the moment I cant compare this to any of Shakespeare's works because I dont know enough.