LCAS1 Regional News Stories 1-3 

By: Garrett Hunck



North Korea May Roll Out Rocket System With Greater Reach, South Says



Garrett Hunck

Green 16

Region: Aisa

Topic: war and power



Article: http://goo.gl/m5nZLz   

Date: april, 6 2016

Source: the new york times



north korea, one of the world's worst countries, has just unveiled a new missile system that could impact south korea and american bases there. The north korean government has the power to hit seoul now and that is very bad for the 10 million residents of that city. And north korea has done stuff like this before and they're not afraid to do it again.



I obviously think this is bad, and there is not much the south korean government can do besides hope they don't attack they can't fight them because they'll just launch missiles around the world and cause a lot of damage. 



Facebook Groups Act as Weapons Bazaars for Militias

Garrett Hunck

Green 16

Region: Middle East

Topic: Guns and Terrorism



Article: http://goo.gl/VWvw1E   

Date:  4/6

Source: the new york times



 This article explains how weapons are being sold over facebook to terrorists and how easy it is to get guns. There are whole accounts on facebook just selling guns to terrorists. Facebook is trying to stop this but it is very hard to find all the accounts that sell them. The accounts sell everything from a small handgun to a massive anti tank missile launcher.



I think this is very bad because the easier it is to get weapons the easier it is to kill people. But this is mostly facebook's fault they should be responsible for their website and what happens on it. They should monitor pages and take down ones that are helping people do terrible things.





G 

Garrett Hunck

Green 16

Region: europe

Topic: terrorism



Article: Belgian Prime Minister: 'I don't accept' that an attack makes us 'a failed state'



Date: 4/6

Source: http://goo.gl/grFrSH  





Recently there was a terrorist attack in Belgium and there was a lot of panic and talk after the event. A lot of people blamed it on the government of Belgium for not making sure their airport security was safe enough.But the Belgian prime minister has another opinion he thinks the country is secure and that they could not do anything He says it is a terrorist fault and you should not be blaming the victim.



In my opinion it is equal parts the country's phone and the tears are it is obviously the terrorists fault because they caused it to happen but with all the modern technology there is there should have been no way to prevent this horrible event from happening in the first place .