Bree Anna Richardson 

                                                                                                                       Group: #36 

Latin America 

Title: In Venezuela, An Electricity Crisis Adds To Countrys Woe

            Published: March 29,2016 (1:37pm)

            Source: Parallels

            Link: http://www.npr.org/sections/parallels/2016/03/29/472252687/in-venezuela-an-electricity-crisis-adds-to-countrys-woes

            Paragraph 1:In Venezuela there have been many power outages that have been affecting the businesses and families. The power outages can last up to three hours and cause all business machinery to stop working during this time. This can really affect workers because the government has been urging them to speed up the process of their work. The power outages cause businesses to fall behind on work, luckily some businesses have been able to adapt by installing diesel generators but a generator big enough to power all of the machinery would make the company go over there budget. The government blames this problem on the enemies of Venezuela, thinking that they would attack the countrys thermoelectric plants. The daily life of every person living in Venezuela has been miserable because all of the water based suplies stop working including, toilets, sinks, and showers. Also because water is not moving and just staying in the same place a lot more mosquitos have started to breed and spread diseases. 

             Paragraph 2:I believe that the government could have handled taking care of their enemies in a much better manner. Instead of turning all electricity off they could have guards protecting the thermoelectric plants. There are many different options to prevent the des truction of the thermoelectric plants, instead of turning electricity off and causing businesses to slow down and spread diseases from still waters. I feel like this should not be a problem because it is fixable and is not something that people should be struggling with. 



     2.Title: Brazil has nearly 60,000 murders, and it may relax gun laws. 

Published: March 28,2016 (1:16pm) 

Source: Parallels

Link:http://www.npr.org/sections/parallels/2016/03/28/472157969/brazil-has-nearly-60-000-murders-and-it-may-relax-gun-laws

Paragraph1:In Brazil Congressmen Edson Moreira wants relax gun laws due to protection of one's self he say that If the "bad guys" have guns, the "good guys" should be allowed to have them as well to protect themselves. He also brings up the second amendment and how it talks about how the population has a right to bear arms. Brazil has had nearly 60,000 murders in 2014 and most because of guns. Edson wants to make it easier to bear arms so that one might protect them self in a one on one situation. 

Paragraph 2: In this article people are wanting to make it easier to bear arms, I don't think that is the right way to handle it, if anything I think they should not change the difficulty. From my point if everyone has a gun then they are in just as much danger then they were before. Holding a gun in the house might lead to them stealing your gun and that could put even more people in danger. So changing the the gun laws because a lot of people died doesn't makes since to me, especially when they can lead to more accidents. 



            Title:Bus Crash in Peru kills 23            

            Published: April 9, 2016  (8:53am)

            Source: Herald Sun 

            Link: http://www.newsjs.com/url.php?p=http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/breaking-news/bus-crash-in-peru-kills-23/news-story/bbca163852290adc1867033536bdb33f

Paragraph 1: In Peru a bus driver pull off to the side of the highway to avoid traffic and drives into a river killing, at least 23 people. A truck had crossed into the busses lane causing the driver to swerve off to avoid crashing. The bus ends up falling more than 20 meters into the Mapocho River. 35 people were also injured further up the highway between Cusco and Puerto Maldonado. 

Paragraph 2: I feel that it is a very sad event but I suppose it could have been prevented. Maybe they could put up rails on the side of the highway so that it might be able to make the road a little safer. Also they could put up some signs that state that that area is a dangerous area and that there is a river on the side.