Name: Piper Hill

Group: 12 Yellow

Region: Latin America

Topic: Who is Sergio Moro, the judge making Brazils headlines?

Published Apr. 6



http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-35978337 

Source: BBC



Sergio Moro, a federal judge in Brazil, is becoming an increasingly influential person. He has lead protests against the lead manager of Petrobras, an oil company charged with money laundering and fraud. He has become the leader of hundreds of people, whose families have been affected by the scandals of the company. There have been job cuts in the company because of falling oil prices, leaving thousands without jobs. With the judges help, many if not all of the affected people will be compensated for their loss.



In my opinion, Sergio is doing the right thing. He is speaking up against a corrupt organization - something that many people would not do. WIth how important hes gotten, and how many people believe in his abilities, he is a man worthy of the praise he has received. 



 

Topic: Brazil's Petrobras to axe 12,000 jobs

Published Apr. 1



http://www.bbc.com/news/business-35944951

Source: BBC



Brazils state-run company, Petrobras, is planning to cut 12,000 jobs from its work force by 2020. The oil company is starting to suffer from the falling prices of oil, and so, they feel it necessary to cut a significant amount of the jobs they have to keep profits from dropping significantly. Not only has it been losing money because of oil prices, but its been a lead player in the largest scandal in the history of the country, including bribery, price-fixing, and political kickbacks. They have been leading the scandal for years and the only way to keep going as a company is to downgrade and become more efficient with money.



In my opinion, the company kinda deserves to be suffering. They have been leading on thousands of people in the scandal, and this is kind of a chance for karma to come back and get them. If they downgraded their company now, they might get a chance to redeem themselves for what theyve done in the past.



Topic: Brazil committee head recommends Rousseff's impeachment

Published Apr. 6



http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-35980855

Source: BBC



The president of Brazil, Dilma Rousseff is threatened with impeachment from evidence of manipulating government accounts to hide a growing deficit. She denies the claims, but a majority of the government officials are against her. While she is in suspension, the vice-president, Michel Temer will be taking over. That is still an issue, as the vice president is having issues with talk of being impeached as well. He is convicted of being in cahoots with the major oil company Petrobras, and the scandal that theyve been holding for several years.



I believe that if the claims are true, the president and vice president both deserve the punishment. The scandal has been affecting thousands of people over the years, and both of the government officials, if theyve been involved, are incredibly important to stopping the company from swindling any other people.