Alex Lomonaco Group 7

News Story One

Check

Asia, Korean conflict of soldiers in the demilitarized Zone , March 21 2016, On patrol in the DMZ: North Korean landmines, biting winds and tin cans, NK News/ North Korea network.  http://goo.gl/xFZoZb 

The Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) is the border separating both koreas. The north/south korean border is one of the most militaristic and dangerous borders in the world. It separates the two koreas that have technically been at war since 1953. Being in the neutral zone in between both countries is a lot worse than any Hungergames (plus automatic turrets that shot human shaped objects). The Article documents a soldier (Shin Yong-tae) that thought he had stepped on a land mine on patrol. His patrol officer came to his aid to dig out a tin can from under his boot.

This article describes the fears and concerns of the soldiers stationed in the DMZ. It could be a shakespearean play if played out with suspense and resulted in the death of  Shin Yong-tae (the soldier). It also has abandonment as the other soldier in his platoon ran leaving him to his Isolated (alone) death. 

News Story Two

1.Check

2.Swana (Mosul Dam, Iraq), Iraq developing, Inside the world's most dangerous dam, 11:30 AM ET, Fri April 8, 2016, From CNN,http://goo.gl/TQzcTT 

3. Iraq  is a developing country with more and less developed areas and communities. One of which, is mosul. Mosul's dam affects over 1.5 million people along with its risk of collapsing. It was built in the mid-1980s on top of soft gypsum rock, a not so good foundation for the dam that is now taking its toll. Water erodes at the rock every day and in order to keep the dam stable two tons of cement are pumped into potholes every day.

4. This frightens me as if the dam collapses the amount of people this will toll on will be astronomical. This can be related to a shakespeare play by focusing on a group of people given the responsibility/duty of holding this dam together. Filled with death and betrayal leaving someone behind when they need you most.

News Story Three

1.check

2.North America, Greenbrier, Arkansas.  Fracking causing earthquakes in the US.Drilling-induced earthquakes may endanger millions in 2016, USGS says, March 28, 2016, PBS newshour. http://goo.gl/7mHMHN 

3.  Fracking is when water is used to extract (remove) the oil from rocks and minerals that have soaked it up. Taking the water/oil mix and separating it to then get oil. This industry has grown in southern states across america. However, research on newly occurring earthquake has shown they are a result of fracking.

4. A shakespearean play would go something like this or i can't see too much a connection .A young entrepreneur facing the world as he tries to found his fracking company  he is then attacked by the public and dies in one of his own cause earthquakes.























Find a source that discusses a topic unique for you and your group that follows the 4x4 rule- written within 4 weeks, describing new events in the last 4 months.

In your google doc, begin by giving the your name, group, the region, your name for the topic, the article title, date the article was published, article source, and a hyperlink to the article.

Write a summary paragraph that discusses the topic giving a peer (or even an average 6th grader) a full understanding of the event and why they should care. Assume that your audience has not and will not read the source you used to write your article. You may need to do additional research to be able to fully explain the events and their significance.



 Write a second paragraph that discusses your personal beliefs about the events in the article. You should also consider assessing how you might incorporate the event into your remix of Shakespeare.