1. Why the onslaught of religious freedom? 

Katie HaynesGroup 16

North America Updated 8:20 AM ET, Thu April 7, 2016

Source CNNShakespeare play: Romeo & Juliet



This article is about a law that was vetoed by the governor of georgia. The law said that you can deny services to gay people if you have a strong religious belief against them, and you wouldn't be punished for denying the services. But people are still denying their service to the gay population knowing the consequences. 

This is a new time or era and people can finally be themselves and be with the people they love without everyone looking at them in disgust because they wanted to go out with their boyfriend or girlfriend. I think religion is a shitty excuse for not being okay with giving them things like wedding services because their gay. Doing this is illegal but since it was almost legal people think they have a right by god to do it. I think that this news article is related to Romeo & Juliet. The Families of Romeo & Juliet represent the strict christian population and Romeo & Juliet represent the gay population. Both families disagree with them being together because of how they were raised to believe. The family's belief denounces the respect for the children's decisions. 

2. Migrant Crisis: Greece Brands Macedonian Reaction Deplorable

Katie HaynesGroup 16

EuropeUpdated 12:10 pm, Sunday April 10th, 2016

Source BBC Shakespeare play: Hamlet



The news story is about issues with immigration from Greece to Macedonia; and the violent actions performed by both the greek and the Macedonian guards. Sadley the people from greece got shot by rubber bullets, tear gas, and stun grenades. The border guards were asked by the greek if they could open the gates and let them in but they declined; so more of the greek showed up and started tearing down the fence and throwing rocks (on the greek side of the border). The guards didn't do much when they attempted to take down the fence, but once they started to throw rocks I assume that's when the border patrol threw tear gas back.

 I think that using stun grenades and rubber bullets is a little too much in reply for the greek throwing stones. But the if the macedonian border guards had just used tear gas it would have been justified. In the play Hamlet when Hamlet talks about Ophelia entering a nunnery and of banning marriage; Ophelia loves Hamlet but Hamlet wants Ophelia to stay away. The greek represent ophelia and the Macedonians represent Hamlet. Once Ophelia dies Hamlet realises how much he loves her. It takes time for people to realise the mistakes they have made, sometimes it takes them too long and then it is too late.



3. Egypt: My Right? What Right? New Study Sheds Light on Womens Unpaid Work in Egypt

Katie HaynesTeam 16

SWANAUpdated April 8th 2016

Source AllafricaShakespeare play: Macbeth



This article talks about the rights women dont get in Egypt when it comes to work and pay. The women work for the family business for free, another option is to not work at all, or they can work for other businesses; only if they have a higher degree in education. If the women work for their families they do not get the luxury of healthcare or medical attention if they get hurt; The women are also not paid and start to work at later times. The women who choose not to work don't get paid but have to rely on their husband. The very highly educated women get to work for different companies that will pay them, but not as much as the men earn.

I do not think that is fair, not just because I am a woman but because if the rolls were reversed between men and women I would help the male population get equal rights as well. I also think that the women in Egypt should be able to have control over their own money that they should be earning at their job (That does not provide medical attention) In the play Macbeth the noble man starts at the bottom but works his way up to second-in line for the king of scotland. I think that the title King of scotland represents full equality because the king would represent males. I do not believe the women of Egypt should murder for equality; but I think they have worked so hard that they should be at least Second-in line by now; while they are merely pheasants