http://www.nbcnews.com/business/business-news/what-do-panama-papers-mean-vladimir-putin-n550236

Name- Lilly Mathis

Team- Green 32

Region- FSR

Topic- The effect of the Panama Papers on Vladimir Putin



Someone anonymously leaked more than 11.5 million encrypted internal financial documents from Mossack Fonseca, a Panamanian law firm. Although Russias current president, Vladimir Putin, wasnt named in the documents  there are allegations of a billion-dollar money-laundering ring controlled by a Russian bank that has links to associates of the Russian leader. A group of investigative journalists have been looking into the files and state that the papers show Putin's close aides were involved in a $2 billion money trail with offshore firms and banks. 

Although it never said Putins name in the documents all the people stated are people very close to Putin.  Meanwhile, Eurasia Group President Ian Bremmer warned that the revelations could threaten the stability of some regimes like Russia.Vladimir Putin is directly caught up in this, he told CNBC Monday, claiming that the $2 billion could be "a tiny fraction of how much the Kremlin has actually been laundering."

This is strongly affecting the presidential election coming up in Russia.  ICIJ's Bernstein said the timing of the "Panama papers'" release and the Russian elections was "perfectly coincidental." He told CNBC that he did not even know there were elections in Russia this year and highlighted that other global leaders had been implicated.

 

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/03/30/vladimir-putin-sent-russian-mercenaries-to-fight-in-syria-and-uk/

Topic- Vladimir Putin sent Russian mercenaries to 'fight in Syria and Ukraine' 

The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, sent Russians to fight in Syria and Ukraine. An investigation found that Kremlin had hired members of a private military company to go SYria and Ukraine. SInce they did that it gives Vladimir Putin a way to send trained men to both of the countries. 

The Russian military has announced 6 deaths of servicemen in Syria.  Several Wagner fighters took part in the battle for control of the Ukrainian town of Debaltseve in January and February 2015. This also involved hundreds of regular Russian troops and involved one of the heaviest artillery bombardments in recent history, dealing a decisive blow to Ukraines army.

Putin has publicly spoken of how private military companies can be used by the Kremlin to conduct deniable operation. 







http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/militants-attack-russian-police-station-killed-38302215

Topic- 3 Militants Killed in Attack on Russian Police Station



Three militants were killed in a botched attack on a police station in southern Russia. Two of them were killed by officers defending the station while another one used his own grenade to kill himself. They were the only ones hurt in the attack. 

It occurred in Novoselitskoye in the Stavropol region. Three armed people attempted to go into the police station by officers caught them. It happened at about 10am, Arkady, a local resident, told RT. There were four explosions and shots from automatic firearms.

There was a bright flash in the end. A very powerful explosion, said Victor, another local resident. I thought it must have destroyed the door [of the station].

There were many different conflicting stories, one officer said there was only 2 gunmen and one was killed by gunfire at the checkpoint, some reported that were 4 men involved in the act. 

The building and cars by it were hit and damaged but no other people were harmed.