Name: Anisha Patel

Group: 3

Region: Sub-Saharan Africa



Article: South African President Jacob Zuma Is Facing Growing Calls to Resign

Source: Time

Published Date: April 6th

Topic: The President violating the Constitution



Jacob Zuma, the leader of The African National Congress, has many South Africans requesting for him to resign. On March 31, 2016, he used public money to upgrade his private home.  Other articles suggest that he was willing to take $20 million. He also knew the consequences. With that, the people of South Africa have been protesting against Jacob Zuma outside parliament in Cape Town on April fifth. The Parliament took over the African National Congress Party. References suggest they have already voted against the impeachment of the president. 

The president of South Africa has no chance to stay in his position as a leader. In my opinion, his trust was lost in the worst situation. If I was in Zumas shoes, I would want to keep my position as president and would apologize thousand times, but words arent enough. Its also hard to process that his financial advisor helped get the money that he stole from South Africa. It may be a possibility that Zuma payed him to keep quiet. This seems familiar with stories about the desire to stay in power or wanting the throne; with spilling lies and deceiving others who trusts all.



2.  Article: Ebola: A new flare-up in Liberia, vaccines given out in Guinea

Source: CNN

Published Date: April 1st, 2016

Topic: Ebola Flare-Up with a Cure



It has been confirmed that there is a new case of Ebola in Liberia. Currently, the World Health Organization (WHO) is now underway. This isnt like 2014, when Ebola was spreading in the West Region of Africa. Still, Southern Guinea had seven of eight people that were infected with Ebola since Late February died. In Liberia a 30-year-old woman died in a Monrovia hospital after having Ebola. It wasnt clear how she got the disease, but Liberias Health Ministry and partner agencies are trying to find anyone whod been in contact with her. 



It isnt fair Ebola had reappeared in Liberia after being declared free of the virus in May 2015. After many reading many articles about this topic, it still isnt clear if the vaccine given out in Guinea caused the Ebola outrage. I think this article is talking about two Ebola cases happening at the same time. In shakespearean plays, Ebola could be a way to murder one, and cause a king to fall. It could also be a twist on the play King Lear. 



3. Article: Despite U.S airstrikes, a Somali militia is rising again

 Source: The Washington Post

Published Date: March 8,2016

Topic: Somali Militia Group Forming

 

Somalias al-Shabab movement is coming as one of the most loyal and lethal community connected to the al-Qaeda. According to Western and Somali analysts, the Islamic State will expand in the Somali region. Even though U.S spent billions of dollars using air strikes against them, the al-Shabab is forming again, and staging deadly attacks with assassinations in recent months. The U.S and other Western intelligence agencies are becoming more alarmed. The concern was so great that according to the Pentagon, U.S warplanes attacked an al-Shabab training camp, killing more than 150 soldiers. It was the deadliest U.S strike on the militant group, but the al-Shabab still survived, and was able to attack restaurants, beachfront bars, with other soft targets.  They were able to kill Kenyan soldiers, 50 Ugandan troops at a A.U base in Somalia, and 70 Burundians. 



I feel that in the future, the U.S will cause a war against the al-Shabab. The somali militants are trying to make the whole country into a fundamental islamic state by attacking their people, and it is has to be stopped. It is not a way to spread their religion. This current event kind of relates to King Lear because the daughters that soon wants to kill the King could play as the al-Shabab. The daughters believe in something so great, that they are willing to murder their father.