Liav Turkia

Group 35

Asia

Investors put 1 trillion dollars in reduce antibiotic usage

Investor group launches campaign to curb antibiotic use in food

April 10th

Grandfork Sherald

http://www.grandforksherald.com/livestock/4006462-investor-group-launche



Farmers are using antibiotic medicines to increase growth in cattle. The problem is, too many antibiotics create superbugs, special diseases that cant be cure. Imagine strep, but you cant heal it! So a large group of investors decided to invest $1 trillion in enforce regulations on the amount of antibiotics.



I think that farmers using it for their own selfish greed will eventually hurt the entire world, as common diseases will become incurable. Its tragedy of the commons. We can incorporate it into the play by having people fight over regulations, and having one party invest money to get regulations.









































Liav Turkia

Group 35

South America

Protesters against Brazilian government get stopped by police barricades

Brazil Deploying Troops, Barricades Before Impeachment Votes

April 10th

Grandfork Sherald

http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-04-11/brazil-deploying-troops-and-barricades-before-impeachment-votes



The Brazilian government is not very well liked by its people, yet it continues to run the country. People decided to start going to the streets to protest, and in response, the government sets up barricades to stop them. THis is especially crucial for the upcoming Olympics games, who many see as a prime example of government corruption. The people are enraged that the government are spending money on the stadiums instead of helping solve poverty.



This is a prime example of how a government becomes corrupt with power, and starts to squash any opposition. This affects us because these people are being denied a democracy, a right that every human should have. We can use this in our play (Macbeth) to show how power can corrupt someone, and how they will stop any opposition to said power.









































Liav Turkia

Group 35

Africa

A lot of the money the charity World Bank is investing uses tax loopholes

Most of World Bank's Private Investments Linked to Tax Havens

April 11th

Telesur

http://www.telesurtv.net/english/news/Most-of-World-Banks-Private-Investments-Linked-to-Tax-Havens-20160411-0017.html



The charity organization World Bank, which claims to donate to poor countries in Africa, was found to exploit tax havens and loopholes. They claim to invest in Africa, allowing them to evade taxes because of a charity investment. This investment then goes into their pockets, so they can basically spend money without paying taxes.



This is important for us, as it really shows that we cant trust many people. All those charities that you donated to can actually just be cheating you. So you are just being used for more money, which is morally wrong and greedy. We can use this in our play (Macbeth) to represent how greedy people in power are, and how they will stop at nothing to get more power/money.