Regional News Story 1

Name: Shraavan Divakarla

Group: 31

Region Name: Europe

Topic Name: Brussel Attacker was in the Parliament

Article Title: Brussels attacks: One of the bombers worked in EU Parliament

Date Published: 4/6/16

Article Source: BBC

Link for Article: http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35979965



Thirty-two people were killed in the three bomb attacks at Brussels airport and Maelbeek metro station. Bombers entered the places like normal people and detonated the bombs as an act of terror. One of the Bombers is Najim Laachraoui, an ex janitor that worked at the EU Parliament in the summer of 2009 and 2010. This attack was organized by the Al Qaeda, who was led by Osama Bin Laden. Laachraoui was already a major suspect on the run after the Paris attacks in November. Charles Michael, the Prime Minister of Belgium, said that, "When there is an attack like that of course that's a failure and nobody can deny this. Michael even said that there has been some success like the recent arrest of the surviving suspect of the Paris attacks last November, Salah Abdeslam. Security in Belgium is increasing as a response to the Brussels Attack. The minister even states that Belgium is an easy place to organize attacks since it is easy to go to places like London and Paris. We should be worried about these attacks because they are like what happened in Boston, in New york, and in Paris. People's lives are being lost because of this organization. We need to upgrade our security,as the Prime Minister said, so these attacks happen not as much.



I think that It is kind of funny how a bomber worked for the EU parliament and later, bombed a metro station and an airport. But anyways, these attacks are happening too often for the world to become aware of the problem. The Paris and Brussel attacks were too close to each and the Al Qaeda is making the world suffer. People lose people that are close to them and I really do not get the message they are trying to give us. It is just really messed up that they are killing people for no reason. Does it seem like entertainment or fun to them? Because the world thinks not. We could incorporate it into a shakespeare work like Macbeth. In this , Macbeth kills people so first he would get to be a king, and then , later kill more people so he can assure this spot. 



















Regional News Story 2

Name: Shraavan Divakarla

Group: 31

Region Name: FSR

Topic Name: Putin does not agree with Information

Article Title: Panama Papers: Putin rejects corruption allegations

Date Published: 4/7/16

Article Source: BBC

Link for Article: http://goo.gl/pL6vsw



Mr.Putin, the President of Russia, spoke for the first time after the Panama Papers leaked some papers. The leak included many confidential documents that had a number of offshore companies owned by close associates of Mr Putin. They suggest the companies may have been used for money laundering. Money laundering is the concealment of the origins of illegally obtained money, typically by means of transfers involving foreign banks or legitimate businesses. The papers name Mr Putin's long-time friend and godfather to his daughter, the cellist Sergei Roldugin, as the owner of two offshore firms, International Media Overseas and Sonnette Overseas.Mr.Putin says that Russia's western opponents are worried by the unity and solidarity of the Russian nation... and that is why they are attempting to rock us from within, to make us more obedient". The papers states that the firms were involved in a number of suspicious deals, including one in which International Media Overseas received a loan of $6m (4.2m) in 2007, which was written off three months later for just $1. Mr Roldugin has not said anything about these allegations, but putin praises Mr Roldugin because he had spent nearly all the money he had earned on musical instruments and donated money to state institutions. 



I think that being falsely called out for something that could be true is a wrong act. It sucks for people to get blamed for something that they believe they did not do. I have been in that situation many times and it sucks because you get this sinking feeling that you may have done something wrong. I also think that Panama Papers should have not leaked the papers because now people can get a wrong idea of Putin. We could incorporate this event into a shakespeare by maybe accusing someone. You could accuse someone of killing someone and then maybe send them to a prison and then release them and have empathy for them.























Regional News Story 3

Name: Shraavan Divakarla

Group: 31

Region Name: Europe

Topic Name: Nazi war criminal dies before trial

Article Title: Ernst Tremmel, Nazi War Crimes Suspect, Dies Days Before Trial

Date Published:  4/7/16

Article Source: New York Times

Link for Article:http://goo.gl/gOXVbW



People can do stuff in the past that can affect their future. As for Ernst Tremmel, a Nazi War Criminal, dies the day before he faced trial for working at the Auschwitz death camp in 1942 and 1943. He faced charges of complicity in the killings of at least 1,075 prisoners transported to the camp. It was a massive genocide that happened in WWII when hitler was trying to get rid of all the jews. But this is not the first trial charge against war criminal. Another mans trial in Neubrandenburg, north of Berlin, is in limbo because he is said to be ill. A third trial of the former SS guard Reinhold Hanning, accused of complicity in 170,000 deaths, is proceeding. Mr.Tremmel never told the media of what he did in SS. For young people today, that would be really important to hear, Mr. Heubner said when reached by telephone after the announcement of Mr. Tremmels death. It is glad for some people to hear this because many people lost relatives in these camps. This is a big relief for the world.



I think that it is kind of good that these people die but then again, I think that they have to face some type of punishment for their wrongdoings in the past. Like it is kinda not fair that they die so they live and easy life and do not have to go to a prison for the rest of their life. If I got detention tomorrow , but dont come to school that day, is it not cheating the system. I was supposed to go to detention but i did not cause I wanted an easy life. You could incorporate this event into a shakespeare play by saying that someone stole something very valuable in the past and then when he was pressed charges, he mysteriously disappeared. That would be pretty interesting to put into a play because it would a sense of mystery to the story and add to the plot.