Name: Rachel Hartman

Group: 14

Region: Europe

Topic: The Panama Papers



Article: The Panama Papers: 7 things to know
Date: 4/6/2016

Source: CNN



The Panama Papers are more than 11 million documents, that date back four decades, are allegedly connected to Panama law firm Mossack Fonseca. They were given to Germany by an anonymous source and shared them with the media. The documents reference 12 current and former world leaders, and 128 other politicians and public officials.  The papers include allegations involving associates with Putin and FIFA, they also accuse the prime minister of Iceland of having ties, through his wife, to an offshore company, and Argentinas president is alleged to have failed to give links to a company in his declarations. The Kremlin says the allegations are a series of fibs meant to tear Putin down before elections. The leaders accused denied the claims, and gave their reasoning for what they did. However, Britain, France, Australia, and Mexico have promised investigation for possible tax evasion. 



I think conspiracies like this are really interesting, but scary. I like reading about conspiracy theories and corrupt governments. I think the people accused in the panama papers are guilty, and that theyre saying whatever they can to cover it up. I dont think the panama papers relate to any of Shakespeares plays, but there is a conspiracy theory that suggest he didnt write any of his plays. 





Name: Rachel Hartman

Group: 14

Region: Africa

Topic: Ugandas healthcare



Article: Uganda's radiotherapy machine for cancer treatment breaks
Date: 4/7/2016

Source: BBC News



Ugandas only radiotherapy machine used for treating cancer is broken beyond repair. This leaves thousands of people unable to get treatment that could save their life. The second hand machine was donated in 1995 and has been repaired several times in the past. The cancer unit is working with the ministry of health to buy a new machine, but its not clear when that will happen. Dr. Jackson Oryem told BBC Focus on Africa radio that funding was not the problem, rather there were some technical difficulties, like needing to build new facilities for treatment, that were making the process take longer. For now, patients can still get chemotherapy and surgery, but they have to travel to Kenya for radiotherapy if they can afford it. 



  Uganda needs better healthcare for its citizens. Thousands of people should not depend on one machine for an illness as common as cancer. The country has a strong need for more hospitals and treatment that is available and abundant. The good news is the developing country is working on building more facilities for treatment. I think this could connect to a Shakespeare play that involves someone needing something to keep them alive, even if its another person they love, but I dont know any plays besides Romeo and Juliet.





Name: Rachel Hartman

Group: 14

Region: Asia

Topic: Fireworks blast at India Temple



Article: Death Toll Rises to 110 From Fireworks Blast at India Temple
Date: 4/11/2016

Source: ABC News



On Monday, rescue officials went through a Hindu temple in southern india where at least 110 people died, and 380 were hurt, when an unauthorised fireworks display swept through the temple filled with thousands of people for a religious festival. The massive initial blast cut off power in the temple, and other explosions sent flames and debris raining down. Most of the people who died were killed when the building collapsed, not from the flames or debris. Police found most of the injured under slabs of concrete or steel girders. 



There shouldnt have been a fireworks display with unauthorised fireworks or with people who dont know how to handle fireworks. Its tragic that thousands of civilians were scared for their lives in a place they went to celebrate. The members of the temple board that were the people who caused the accident fled soon after and havent been caught yet. When theyre found its possible that they will be charged with culpable homicide. I dont see a connection to any Shakespeare plays. Once weve gone more in depth into Shakespeare I might see a play it is similar to.