Region: north america 

Corruption in los angeles county sheriffs department 

http://goo.gl/tTes7j

Published April 06, 2016

 2016 FOX News 



A former second-in-command of the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department has been convicted in a corruption probe. Former Undersheriff Paul Tanaka was found guilty Wednesday of obstruction of justice. We expect our officers to always follow the law. We can always trust a man in uniform. When we can't do this it ends with riots and widespread panic and mistrust. Prosecutors say Tanaka helped orchestrate an effort to thwart a federal investigation into abuses in the nation's largest jail system. They say Tanaka and others tried to hide an inmate when they discovered he was an FBI informant and underlings were ordered to intimidate an FBI agent in the case by threatening to have her arrested. Even though the cops got the criminal to prison once they were there they hand the Undersheriff Paul Tanaka in her pocket. 

Just because one police officer is corrupt don't mean that all the police some people hate cops. It ok i used to hate vegetables. Then two things happened. I learned they were good for me and I grew up! There seems to be a deep mistrust in cops from young people. Pop culture tries to make cops look bad. This always end in violence. People need to trust in those who protect them.      

north america  

2 described as dangerous escape from Washington facility

Published April 07, 2016 

 2016 FOX News 

LAKEWOOD, Wash.   Two men, including one who was arrested for murder, though he was not found guilty  have escaped from a psychiatric facility in Washington state and authorities are warning they are a danger to others. Lakewood police say 28-year-old Anthony Garver and 58-year-old Mark Alexander Adams escaped from Western State Hospital in Pierce County on Wednesday evening. The police received a tip from a bus driver, police Lt. Chris Lawler said. Lawler says the driver picked up a man he believes was Garver around 6 p.m. A couple hours later, he picked up a man he believes was Adams. The driver said he wanted to go to SeaTac, home to the Seattle-area's airport. Police have requested video from the transit agency. Both men were being treated for mental illnesses by court order when they escaped on foot. Garver was arrested for murder in 2013 but found not competent in court. Adams was arrested for domestic assault in 2014 but also found not competent in court. Police are warning people to stay away and call the police if they see anything. Police are making automated calls to Lakewood and Steilacoom residents near the hospital to tell them to keep an eye on the department's Facebook page and local news websites for more information.

It seem that prison brakes are increasing in recent years. Having dangerous convicted criminals roaming the streets can have catastrophic repercussions. It makes everyone feel unsafe. These men have killed people and now they are free. No one wants to go outside. This causes restaurants, movie theaters and shops to lose business    

North america

By John D. Sutter, CNN

'There's no more land'

Updated 8:15 AM ET, Fri April 8, 2016















Wenceslaus Billiot, an 89-year lead a reporter up on to a hill He held up a broom made of dried palmetto leaves and pointed way off into the distance. See that tiny water tower? he asked.  Aside from a few tufts of marsh between us and the tower, there was mostly water. All of that used to be solid land, he told the reporter . now it's all just water it's not just some old guy complaining about change in the land . As Billiot knows all too well, the marsh of Louisiana's fragile coast is disappearing at a mind-blowing rate. A football field of land, on average, falls into the Gulf each hour. 

This is a terrifying article for real estate owners on the cost line. One of the most sought after locations. Thousands of expensive homes and resorts have been built on the cost and now they're at risk. A heavy lose like this could cause many businesses to go bankrupt and lots of people would lose their jobs and homes.