1st News Story



Name: Gregory Kellmeyer

Group [Cohort]: 31

Region: Asia 

Date Article Published: April 6th, 2016

Source: Washington Post

North Korea has a new rocket system that could strike Seoul this year, South Korea warns



Paragraph summary 



North Korea has developed a multiple rocket launch system with 300mm rockets that has a range of around 125 miles. These rockets are cheaper than missiles and supposed to be capable of deployment without being detected. North Korea has threatened to attack South Korea and this threat may assist a conservative candidate to win the upcoming election. This is important because it seems as though North Korea has wanted to start a war for a long time and this puts the South Korean capital within reach. North Korea has been developing nuclear weapons and delivery systems but have not been able to properly incorporate both. As they now seem to have a miniaturized warhead, they may be dangerously close to deploying nuclear weapons on these rockets or similar delivery systems. China recently banned imports from North Korea such as coal, iron ore, gold,  and several other minerals if they were related to its nuclear or missile programs. 

 

2nd Paragraph(s?)

I think this shows that the North Koreans have been preparing to initiate conflict with South Korea and they have become fixated on getting ready to invade and destroy South Korea even though such a move would ultimately  put them in a worse position because their people would be killed, and it would set the US against North Korea possibly resulting in their country being ruined instead. As to how we could work this into a Shakespeare play, we could try the King Lear story. Two of the daughters (of the president of South Korea) collaborate with the North Koreans to take over, and the missiles are used to wreak havoc upon the capital allowing them to take over and play North Korea against South Korea and try to become rulers of a united Korea. 

Hmm... wow.

2nd News Story



Region: Europe

Date Article Published: Updated 4/7/2016

Source: CNN

Rare First Folio of Shakespeare's plays authenticated, to academics delight



Paragraph summary 

Recently another three-volume set of the First Folios of Shakespeares writings were authenticated. This is important because Shakespeare is extremely famous due to his skill as a playwright. He was also a play director and there have been many modern retellings and adaptations of his works plus all the references to his plays. The First Folios were first published seven years after Shakespeares death and there are only 234 surviving copies of the first edition.



2nd Paragraph(s?)

I would like to know how much the original Shakespeare spelling was different than our own and getting to see pictures of these volumes would help me see that. This find is probably going to make a lot of money one way or another because of the rarity of these books and the fame of the subject. In our modern retelling, we could  reference these passing a nod to Shakespeare.







3rd News Story



Region: Europe 

Date Article Published: March 26, 2016

Source: Washington Post (they seem to want to make you pay after a certain number of articles)

Brussels attacks rekindle privacy vs. security debate in Europe



Paragraph summary 

A privacy versus security debate didnt start with the Brussels attack but have intensified as a result. Some say that giving up privacy will not increase security, but France approved a law which allows phone taps and hidden cameras without a warrant. The UK has lots of security cameras, while German people want to keep their privacy as a result of their past. The mayor of Mechelen, a Belgian city, thinks that the installation of cameras in public areas and community policing have helped citizens to feel safe and be willing to cooperate with authorities. This is something to care about because it will affect many across the EU and either increase the role of the government in peoples lives or allow them a certain amount of privacy. 



2nd Paragraph(s?)

I think that we should be able to have privacy in addition to security. I dont want to give up all my freedoms just so I can be safe, I want to find a middle ground or find out a way to resolve this without sacrificing privacy.

This could be incorporated into King Lear as the reason for the exile of one of the daughters. She would live in one of the European countries struggling to answer this question and her answer to this debate would be unpopular enough to get her thrown out of the country.