Name: London Woodward

Team: Team 16

Region: Latin America

Topic: Donald Trump cutting off pay to Mexico

Article: Donald Trump would 'cut off cash to Mexico' to pay for border wall

Date: 4/5/16

Source: BBC



Donald Trump is running in the campaign to become President of the United States. As a part of his campaign, he has said that if he becomes president, he will stop all pay going to Mexico from families in the United States until, Mexico pays $5-10 billion for a border wall between Mexico and the United States. Trump says this Border wall needs to be payed for, so rapists, drug addicts and criminals stop coming into the United States from Mexico. Trump has also promised that he will send all 11 million undocumented immigrants from Mexico, back to Mexico. This is causing Trump to fall in his campaign in Wisconsin, so Ted Cruz is catch up to him in votes. 



In my personal opinion, I think Donald Trump needs to chill out. Granted there is nothing I hate more in the world than politics and campaigns, but the facts that I have read about Trump have lead me to disliking him greatly. As long as Donald Trump is losing, I dont care about him in the slightest. I do not see how this could connect to the Shakespeare story Macbeth.









Name: London Woodward

Team: Team 16

Region: Europe

Topic: Ukraine Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk to resign

Article: Ukraine Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk to resign

Date: 4/10/16

Source: BBC



The head of the government in the Country Ukraine has announced that he is going to quit his job as the head of the government. Arseniy Yatsenyuk, the head of the government in Ukraine, claims that people think his government is falling apart and he is losing followers, so he has been asked to quit his job. Apparently it is no surprise that Yatsenyuk is leaving the job.



I think that if Yatsenyuk is losing followers because of the way he runs his country then quit his job and giving it to someone else is in his best interest. He claims that he has done nothing wrong, but he has still realized his country wants him less and less everyday, so he is giving the country what they want. I dont see how this could connect to the Shakespeare story Macbeth.







Name: London Woodward

Team: Team 16

Region: Asia

Topic: Terrorist linked to group behind 2008 Mumbai attacks arrested in Europe posing as refugee



Article: Terrorist linked to group behind 2008 Mumbai attacks arrested in Europe posing as refugee

Date: 4/11/16

Source: Fox News





          Muhammad Ghani Usman is a man who has terrorized large groups of people multiple times under different names. He was part of the cause of a terrorist attack in 2008 in the country of Mumbai. After his attack in 2008 he went into Europe and created a fake identity for himself and continued causing terrorist attacks. He was caught a little less than 4 months ago, but his really name was just released to the public.



          In my personal opinion, and hopefully in a lot of others, I think terrorist attacks are absurd. I dont see how causing them could be fun for anyone, but obviously Muhammad Ghani Usman finds some joy in causing them, because he went through the trouble of changing his name and moving to a new country just so he could continue causing these attacks. I think we might be able to connect this article to the Shakespeare story of Macbeth because much like in Macbeth, Muhammad Ghani Usman has gone crazy and he thinks he is killing people for a good reason.