Zachary Hammons, 26



 Panama Papers

Latin America 

The Guardian April 5th, 2016

What are the Panama Papers? A guide to history's biggest data leak



A recent leak reveals that thousands of the richest and most powerful people are hiding their money in offshore bank accounts through a company called Mossack Fonseca  that hides their money in false investments into fake companies so that their money will not be taxed by the buyers home countries. This affects all citizens in the countries that were under the list released in the leak. 

I think that all people under the list should be put in prison especially if they hold political office. This just shows how widespread corruption is and now governments have the evidence to act on it. I can't see how this would connect at all to shakespeare. 

http://www.theguardian.com/news/2016/apr/03/what-you-need-to-know-about-the-panama-papers



Sub Saharan Africa 

2.   Boko Haram 



 In photos: Life after Boko Haram

CNN April 11, 2016

http://www.cnn.com/2016/04/11/africa/fati-abubakar-boko-haram-portraits/index.html

The article shows the lives of the victims after their experiences with the Boko Haram a terrorist group in africa.

Many suffer from poverty due to the lack of jobs from no trading between countries because of the boko Haram closing the borders. Most have lost family members or have been directly injured by the Boko Haram. 



The Boko Haram need to be stopped they are another detriment to the lives and progression of africa. They Are terrorists and criminals who only exist to hurt people and take whatever they want.

I do not see how this will connect to shakespeare 



Latin America

3. Dominican Voters



Dominicans of Haitian descent tired of bias at the ballot box

CNN April 9, 2016

http://www.cnn.com/2016/04/08/world/dominican-republic-haitian-descent-hearing/index.html

The children of illigal immagrants in dominican republic are woried the will not have voting rights in upcoming presidential election. This has been a problem for a while that has yet to be fixed. It has even been brought infront of the world court. No answer to the problem has yet to surface.



I think they should be given all rights that come with being a citizen. If you didnt want them to gain rights from being born in the country they shouldnt have given the citizen ship. You cant give your citizens some rights you have to give them all of them.

I dont think this connects to shakespere