Lindsey Palcic

Team 14

Region: SWANA

Topic: Boko Haram militants will be rehabilitated into society



Article: Nigeria Boko Haram militants offered olive branch by army

Date: 04/07/16

Source: BBC News

Link: http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-35989401



The army in Nigeria said that 800 militants from the Boko Haram group have surrendered. An army spokesman told BBC the former militants would be profiled and documented, then offered skill-training in several camps being set up. Up until this point, any militant who surrendered had been held in jail to await trial but these 800 will be shown remorse and rehabilitated back into society. The program (known as Operation Safe Corridor) hopes to convince others who havent yet abandoned their membership in the jihadi group to do so. The army is also using this as an attempt to show that the people of Nigerias human rights will be more respected as time goes on, as Muhammadu Buhari promised when he became president last year.



I think its good that the army is working to help the former militants (even considering the things Boko Haram has done) instead of putting them in jail to wait for trial because doing that might bring other members of the group to renounce their part in it as well. If you reach you can somewhat relate this to how Macbeth did awful things and then came to regret his actions.






Lindsey Palcic

Team 14

Region: Asia

Topic: A train carrying 500,000 litres of water has been dispatched to the worst-affected areas of Indias drought-hit western Maharashtra state



Article: India water train brings relief to drought affected state

Date: 04/11/16

Source: BBC News

Link: http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-india-36013263



The water train is bringing 10 water-filled tankers to the Latur district in India, which is one of most severely-affected areas by the drought. Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu said the tankers had been steam-cleaned before being filled with water because they normally carry oil products. In total there are half a million litres of water being brought to Latur. Because of how scarce water is in the district, officials have had to enact prohibitory orders on how many people can gather around the water storage tanks.



Because the drought was really bad and affected everyone in the western Maharashtra state its great that people are working so hard to supply water to the area. Also I dont know enough about Shakespeare to relate this to any of his works.






Lindsey Palcic

Team 14

Region: North America

Topic: Trump says he would stop cash sent home by Mexicans based in the US until the country pays for a border wall



Article: Donald Trump would cut off cash to Mexico to pay for border wall

Date: 04/05/16

Source: BBC News

Link: http://www.bbc.com/news/election-us-2016-35971035



As Wisconsin voters went to the polls to choose their presidential candidates for each party, Donald Trump announced his plan to cut off cash to Mexico by changing a law to cut off cash transfers. He said it would force the country into a one-time payment of 5-10 billion dollars to pay for the wall he never stops talking about (since day one of his campaign, where he said there were criminals, drug addicts, and rapists crossing the border). In addition, Trump also pledged to deport all eleven million undocumented migrants. Current president Barack Obama commented on the matter, saying Trumps plan was half-baked and unworkable, and that it would cause Mexicos economy to collapse. Even Pope Francis condemned his plan.



This plan would, as Obama said, cause the collapse of the Mexican economy. If anything the would send more migrants north to find work in the US, which is one of the main things Trump campaigns against. I dont know why hes so dead-set on stopping everyone from entering the country (first this, then his proposed ban on Muslims). I dont know if this particular article relates directly to any Shakespeare plays, but honestly Trump might be the next Julius Caesar if he keeps his current mindset.