Caroline Cohen

LCAS1 Regional News Stories 1-3 



North Korea May Roll Out Rocket System With Greater Reach, South Says



Caroline Cohen

Green 22

Region-Asia

Topic-war and power



Article- http://goo.gl/m5nZLz   

Date: april, 6 2016

Source- The New York Times



One of the world's worst countries North Korea has just released the plans for a new missile system that could impact south korea and american bases there. Now the North Korean government has the power to hit Seoul and that causes the 10 million residents in the city to be at risk.  North korea has done stuff like this before and they just keep going. 



I think this is stupid and unfair.  Missiles are very powerful. They can cause tons of damage. The south korean government can only hope that they don't get attacked. 





Facebook Groups Act as Weapons Bazaars for Militias

Caroline Cohen

Green 22

Region-Middle East

Topic-Guns and Terrorism



Article: http://goo.gl/VWvw1E   

Date:  4/6

Source: The New York Times



 This article explains how weapons are being sold over facebook and terrorists are buying them. This is how easy it is to get guns. There are accounts on facebook that just sell guns to terrorists. Facebook is trying to stop this but they are having a hard time trying to find all of the accounts accounts that are selling them. The accounts sell a large variety of weapons from a small handgun to a massive anti tank missile launcher.  



I think this is very dangerous and bad for the society.  The terrorists will only do bad things with these weapons which put people in danger. It is so simple to get weapons this way. Facebook needs to be more responsible and make sure accounts are being monitored better.  The accounts need to be taken down. 



 

Belgian Prime Minister: 'I don't accept' that an attack makes us a failed state

Caroline Cohen

Green 22

Region- Europe

Topic- terrorism





Source: http://goo.gl/grFrSH  





Not too long ago there was an alarming terrorist attack in Belgium.  People blamed the government of Belgium for their airport security not being safe enough.The Belgian prime minister has a different  opinion, he thinks that the country is secure and that they could not do anything. He says it is the terrorists fault and you should not be blaming the victim.



I Think the security needs to be safer.  If a terrorist got in it is not safe enough. This put many people in an unsafe condition. They should have been able to prevent this from happening. It is disgusting that anyone could do these dreadful things to people.