Ilya Ryzhov

Group 37

FSR



Putin is Great

4 - 7 - 16

https://www.rt.com/news/338765-putin-reshaped-world-order/

Russia Today/RT



Putin is re-establishing Russia as a big player in the Eastern hemisphere/group of powerful countries, after being considered a mock superpower in the 1990s, by participating in the problems of Syria such as ISIS, President Assad and the Syrian rebels. The article also explains how Russia has a tense relationship with the want to help everyone mentality of the US as far as international problems in Syria exist and that differing ideas are slowing the recovery process of those relations. However after reading further in from an article by HuffPost, http://www.huffingtonpost.com/the-syria-campaign/what-is-russia-doing-in-syria_b_8692410.html stating that 85% of the strikes that Russia claims to be doing against ISIS are actually hitting Syrian rebels (the good guys) instead. The reason anyone should care is that the Middle East is a living hell that needs to be fixed with the help of other countries. Russia is doing a lot of shifty stuff that is contradicting what theyve been planning/saying to the public. No one is uniting under the main goal of helping the Middle East and is rather supporting the wrong people or exploiting the region for their countrys gain. In the wreckage that remains, it allows terror groups to form and grow which in turn under radical Islam affects the rest of the world, one of the biggest victims being Europe with multiple attacks within the past couple of years.

My opinion is that Russia is not helping the right people and is butting heads against the US while trying to improve relations . The press of Russia glorifies Putin as the best leader for the country and overall pulling a curtain over what is actually happening. I think that Russia should quit being involved with Syria and truly develop a plan with the US. Hopefully under a new US president this can be achieved more easily to prevent the rest of the world from being affected by the Middle East. For Shakespeare some of the characters could be people in Russian administration and others could be of Assads administration or even Syrian rebels.







4 - 11 - 16

http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36010511

BBC

PM Resignation

The Prime Minister of Ukraine, Arseniy Yatseyuk has been asked and complied to the president Petro Poroshenko to resign from office. The request comes from the PMs failure to pass and enact changes of the government, and a general falling out with the public and Poroshenkos party. He failed to deliver changes such aseconomic reforms and the end of corruption. The PM himself is being charged with corruption and inaction of these reforms. The speaker of parliament Volodymyr Groysman will replace Yatseyuk as the Prime Minister. So far the current government is in a truce with pro - Russian rebels. People should care about this since it shows that there is slow progress in powerful, corrupt governments. Ukraine overall is important since it shows Russia is exerting force on other countries like it did in the Communist days and could quite possibly lead to future conflicts. If Russia starts becoming a superpower it could spell trouble for the United States and the rest of the world as Putin doesnt receive a lot of resistance when it comes to his decisions.

Ukraine and most of the FSR world is heavily troubled with slow government action and extreme political corruption. This resignation doesnt surprise me. A Shakespeare story could easily be made with the power hungriness of eastern Europe/FSR and the government could play a part along with citizens that protest.



4 - 4 - 16

https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/bela-biszku-communist-era-official-in-hungary-tried-for-war-crimes-dies-at-94/2016/04/04/b94aa454-fa1c-11e5-9140-e61d062438bb_story.html

Hungarian communist-era official dies



A old communist official from Hungary, Bela Biszku died at a Jewish hospital at 94 years old. He was responsible for multiple war crimes during the Soviet-led attack against the 1956 Hungarian uprising. His group of officials made a force to kill dozens of people in the revolt. Biszku was charged once with war crimes but the verdict was repealed and his case got a another trial, in which some of the other charges were dropped. The 1956 uprising was caused by Hungarians being under the control of communist Russia. Stalins death made Hungarians think that would let Hungary be free, but this wasnt the case. In October of 1956, Hungarians attacked Russian officials and soldiers. Khrushchev, the leader of Russia at the time pulled troops out of Hungary under the request of Imre Nagy, the Prime Minister of Hungary who took office in late October. For less than a week freedom was given to Hungarians. When Hungary stated they were leaving the Warsaw Pact, a group of eastern European countries that Russia held strong control over, Russia did not give the OK and ended up sending troops back in along with 1,000 tanks, killing around 4,000 Hungarians. After shooting up Hungary, Khrushchev put in Janos Kadar, a Russian supporter in as the new prime minister. The reason this is a lesson for today is that the crushing of the 1956 revolt is what happens when too much power is given to the government as well as displaying the side effects of communism. Since this has happened in the past, and the article is about the death of one of the officials rather than the events themselves.

My view is that this shows why communism is a complete failure and that it is especially not a viable choice for any country. In recent events Bernie Sanders has been gaining speed with young voters who make up a big portion of the country. This is a problem since communism ends up oppressing many people, such as the Hungarians in 1956, when people in the left are calling for equality and civil rights. I do not see how this would connect to Shakespeare if we are required to stay within current events.