Sammy Paley

Group 31

Article 1: Asia

Panama Papers: How China's wealth is sneaked abroad (4/6/2016)

http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-china-35957228



With the leak of the Panama Papers many journalist have been investigating money laundering from wealthy businessmen and politicians all around the world. In China it seems many political leaders have moved their money overseas. This is ruining Chinas economy. China may be losing up a trillion dollars, draining their foreign reserves. President of China, Xi Jinpings, brother-in law is the a shareholder of two offshore companies. This is awfully suspicious for the Chinese president The article goes on to talk about money mules. Money mules are people who will smuggle money across borders for you. One mule they interviewed said he tries not to take big bags because airport customs will assume you are hiding something. The most important part of the article was the fact that many of Chinas leaders and even their previous leaders may have laundered the governments money offshore.



I think this is crazy; I never expected for political leaders to be taking their money and moving it overseas. This is crippling their own countrys economy. As more information is gathered from the Panama Papers I hope the same story does not happen with our countrys leaders. I think this would be a hard story to use for our movie. The only story I could see this being used with is MacBeth instead of being hungry for power he could be hungry for money even going so far as to move money overseas. This could make the story kind of interesting.



Article 2: North America

Chicago State, a Lifeline for Poor Blacks, Is Under Threat Itself (4/9/2016)

http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/10/us/chicago-state-a-lifeline-for-poor-blacks-is-under-threat-itself.html

In the state of Illinois state funding is scarce mostly because of their republican governor and democratic legislature.This is causing publicly funded and predominantly black college Chicago State to run out of money. They rely on Illinois for about 30% of their 105 million dollar budget. They have not received any funding since the start of this fiscal year last July. At this rate the school will have no money to pay employees by april 30th. They even moved commencement to April 28th to try have as many people graduate as they can. About 70% of the students are women and most of the woman have at least one child. Tuition at Chicago State is about 12,000 dollars a year. Most of the students come from low income families, and if the school has no money the student will not be able to finish their degree. 

This story is horrible. I cannot believe the political parties cannot work out their differences to fix 
Illinois budget. This is causing many people to lose their jobs and students to lose out on their degree.I also hope Chicago State does not close down it has been around for 150 years and is an important part of black history in the Southside of Chicago I dont think this story could be used for LCA because it does not resemble any of our choices for shakespeare plays.



Article 3: Sub Saharan Africa

How smartphones can help track illegal deforestation

http://www.theguardian.com/media-network/2016/apr/07/smartphones-track-illegal-deforestation



Over the past years in Cameroon there has been a lot of deforestation legal and illegal, but this article talks about how the spread of cell phone use in Cameroon is helping to stop deforestation. It is hard to stop people who are illegally cutting down trees because most of the information comes from satellites and the pictures come from after the trees have already been cut down. In 2006 17% of people in cameroon used cell phones while today in 2016 about 78% of people use or have cell phones. There are many organizations that are trying to help stop deforestation. One of the main ways it can help be reduced is by providing the citizens of Cameroon with cell phones. These phones have gps signals which can help the satellites retrieve information faster to help protect the homes and forests of the people of Cameroon. 

I didnt know that in poor country like Cameroon people are cutting down trees and destroying homes. I hope the spread of cell phones really can help prevent this destruction. Unfortunately I cannot see this being used for our trailer I am not sure there are enough characters to take away from this news story to use in the movie. I do think this is an important topic however and it should not be overlooked.