Regional News Story 1

Nicholas Wharton

Team 35

Region: South America

Topic: Panama Papers



Article: Icelands Prime Minister Steps Down Amid Panama Papers Scandal

Date: April/5/2016

Source: The New York Times



A lot of large political figures and rich people have been hiding their money in fake businesses in panama, to get away from paying large taxes on their money. There were large amounts of documents leaked showing off how large and powerful figures are tax evaders. Many people are caught in this such as Vladimir Putin, David Cameron, and the first to be found Iceland's Prime Minister Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson. Mr. Gunnlaugsson has been found to be hiding million dollar investments in panama. Because of the scandal many people have confronted him and asked for his resignation, and he will now be stepping down. There are also many other government officials that have been caught because of the leak. David Cameron, who is the british prime minister, is because asked by the government if his family held undisclosed wealth in tax havens offshore. Also it talks about some of the other politicians such as Vladimir Putin, and Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.



I think that it is right for Mr. Gunnlaugsson to ask him to step down. Because he is the prime minister means that he works for the government, and the government is who all of the citizens have to pay taxes too. I think that if the government officials are not paying taxes that we shouldn't pay taxes. This would be great to go with king lear because it is almost like Mr. Gunnlaugsson is betraying the the country of Iceland.





Regional News Story 2

Nicholas Wharton

Team 35

Region: Europe

Topic: Presidential Election in the United States



Article: Deadly explosions rock Brussels airport, subway station

Date: April/6/2016

Source: New York Post



On 3/22/2016 there was a large bombing in the capital city of Belgium, which is also known as  Brussels. Many jihadists showed up blowing up a subway station and airport in the city. During the attack they Killed around 35 people, and injuring more than 200 people. Later after the large bombing the terrorist organization that goes by the name of isis has claimed that they were responsible for the large attack. They say that the reason for the attack was because of Belgiums support of the international coalition fighting ISIS  Among all of the people that were killed and injured there were three american missionaries.



I think that what ISIS did was very wrong, because any type of terrorism is very bad. This would fit well with twelfth night because how the suicide bomber conceal all of their bombs kind of like how the main character in Twelfth night tried to dress up as someone who they weren't.





Regional News Story 3

Nicholas Wharton

Team 35

Region: FSR

Topic: Panama Papers



Article: Panama Papers: Putin rejects corruption allegations

Date: April/6/2016

Source: BBC



The Panama papers which is a large scandal that is going on with lots of famous politicians and large powers right now. There was a leak of information giving up some of the peoples names that have been shown to be tax evaders, some of the people are Prime Minister Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson, and Prime Minister David Cameron. One of the large powers that in caught in the mess in Vladimir Putin, this is because lots of his known close associates have been found to own offshore companies. Putin states They've found a few of my acquaintances and friends... and scraped up something from there and stuck it together.



In my opinion i think that putin is innocent. If he was actually apart of the scandal he probably would have been found or at least would have stated that he was part of this. This would go well with Macbeth because of how it could be about Putin getting attack by other people trying to get into his power.