Regional News Story

Name:Evan Pearlman

Team: Green 36

Region: North America

Topic: Everything



Article 1: Louisiana woman makes U.S. Army history

Date: 4/4/2016

Source: 12 KSLA News



Ever since 1848, womens rights have changed drastically over the past years. They have been given the right to vote, right of citizenship and now the right to fight alongside the men on the front lines. On April 4th, 2016 Tammy Barrett was the first woman to sign up for the front line. Women in the infantry have been discussed for many years, but progress is being made. On April 4th, the processing center got word that women would be allowed to sign up for combat jobs on the front lines. This has sparked many women to begin signing up for the front line. 



In my opinion, you should have the right to fight for your country in any squad/position no matter what gender you are. The case against this was, women being too weak and not strong enough to fight the enemy. This can be true, but women arent weak, even if they are weak you can still train them to be stronger. This reminds me of the play Julius Caesar (Caesar was celebrated after the return from winning his war) ,Tammy being the Julius Caesar who everyone celebrates for being the first women to sign up for the front line. 



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Article 2: Texas teacher arrested after video shows her hitting student

Date: 4/10/16

Source: Fox News



On April 8th, a teacher was charged with misdemeanor assault for hitting a child multiple times. There was a twelve second video showing the teacher hitting the kid that went viral in the matter of hours. She was then arrested after video surfaced appearing to show her hitting a student multiple times during a Friday morning high school math class. You know we only see 12 seconds of [the video], the student said. Thats all it is. Its not the whole thing. - One student told the reporter.



I think that this teacher shouldnt be arrested because the kids in the class told the news that the teacher was insulted and cussed at. She was described as a veteran teacher working as a teacher for more than 15 years. He lost her patience once and now is being arrested, but these kids throw stuff at her and cuss at her 24/7. This reminds me of Julius Caesar, the kid being Brutus and the teacher being Caesar. In the story Brutus and others kill Caesar to prevent him from becoming king. This is an example how the kid tries to torment the teacher and prevent her from teaching.  







----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Article 3: Canadian Attawapiskat First Nation suicide emergency

Date: 4/10/6

Source: BBC



In North Canada, there was a community in which 11 people in the same day tried to kill themselves. Bruce Shisheesh, the chief of the Attawapiskat First Nation community, said 11 people attempted to take their own lives on Saturday, prompting him to declare a state of emergency. - said by BBC News. As said in the article Canada's 1.4 million indigenous people have high levels of poverty. Their life expectancy is also below the Canadian average. In Canada there have been more than 30 suicides in the month of March alone. So the prime minister of canada wrote a speech on these suicidal acts described as heartbreaking. This has concluded as a first nation suicidal emergency. 



I think that actions could of been taking to different matters. Suicide is never the answer. I think that if you are suicidal you should always talk to someone and get help. Today suicide affects not only the victims, but the families which cared so much about the victims. This relates to Shakespeare play Romeo and Juliet because the victims are sad and suicidal like the two main characters in the play; Romeo and Juliet.